Page 107, Table 1
we are contra: ctually ob, liged. Since the, commitments to, purchase p, rogramming servi, ces from televis, ion network, s an, d broadcast
stations have: no minim, um volume req, uirement, we est, imated our, obligation based o, n number of s, ubscribers a, t De, cember 31,
2022, and ap: plicable ra, tes stipulated i, n the contracts in, effect at th, at time. We also p, urchase produ, cts and serv, ices, as needed
with no firm co: mmitmen, t.
Item 9. Ch: anges i, n and Disagr, eements with, Accountan, ts on Accounti, ng and Finan, cial Disclo, sur, e
Item 9A.: Controls, and Procedu, res
Evaluation: of Discl, osure Contro, ls and Proced, ures
Our Chief Ex: ecutive Of, ficer and Chief, Financial Officer, have evalu, ated the effective, ness of the reg, istrant’s dis, clos, ure controls
and procedur: es (as de, fined in Rules, 13a-15(e) and 1, 5d-15(e) of, the Securities Ex, change Act of, 1934), as o, f the, end of the
period covere: d by this, Annual Report,, that ensure that, information, relating to the reg, istrant which is, required to, be, disclosed in
this report is r: ecorded,, processed, sum, marized and rep, orted within, required time pe, riods using the, criteria for, effec, tive internal
control establ: ished in, Internal Contro, l–Integrated Fra, mework iss, ued by the Comm, ittee of Spons, oring Orga, nizat, ions of the
Treadway Co: mmission, in 2013. Based, on this evaluatio, n, our Chief, Executive Officer, and Chief Fina, ncial Officer, have, concluded
that the regist: rant’s disc, losure controls, and procedures, were effecti, ve as of December, 31, 2022.
Changes in: Internal, Control over, Financial Rep, orting
In the ordinar: y course o, f business, we, routinely review, our system, of internal control, over financial r, eporting and, ma, ke changes
to our system: s and pro, cesses that are, intended to ensu, re an effec, tive internal contro, l environment., In the third, quar, ter of 2020,
we began a m: ulti-year, implementation, of a new global, enterprise, resource planning, (ERP) system,, which will r, epla, ce many of
our existing c: ore financ, ial systems. Th, e new ERP syste, m is design, ed to enhance the, flow of financi, al informatio, n, fa, cilitate data
analysis and a: ccelerate, information rep, orting. The imple, mentation i, s expected to occu, r in phases ove, r the next s, ever, al years.
As the phase: d implem, entation of the, new ERP system, continues, , we could have c, hanges to our, processes, and, procedures
which, in turn,: could re, sult in changes, to our internal c, ontrols over, financial reporting, . As such chan, ges occur,, we w, ill evaluate
quarterly whet: her such, changes materi, ally affect our inte, rnal control, over financial rep, orting.
There were n: o change, s in Verizon's in, ternal control ov, er financial, reporting during t, he fourth quarte, r 2022 that, hav, e materially
affected, or ar: e reasona, bly likely to mat, erially affect, our, internal co, ntrol over financial, reporting.
Manageme: nt's Ann, ual Report on, Internal Cont, rol over F, inancial Report, ing
The managem: ent of Ve, rizon Communi, cations Inc. is re, sponsible fo, r establishing and, maintaining ad, equate inte, rnal, control over
financial repor: ting ident, ified by manage, ment. The Comp, any’s indep, endent registered, public accounti, ng firm, Ern, st &, Young LLP,
effective inter: nal contr, ol established, in Internal Con, trol–Integra, ted Framework i, ssued by the, Committee, of, Sponsoring
Organizations: of the Tre, adway Commis, sion in 2013.
Management: has asse, ssed the effect, iveness of Veriz, on’s interna, l control over fina, ncial reporting, as of Dece, mbe, r 31, 2022.
Based on this: assessm, ent, managem, ent believes that, the interna, l control over fina, ncial reporting, of Verizon i, s eff, ective as of
December 31: , 2022. In, connection wit, h this assessme, nt, there we, re no material we, aknesses in Ve, rizon’s inter, nal c, ontrol over
has provided: an attesta, tion report on, Verizon’s internal, control ov, er financial reporti, ng and is includ, ed in Item, 8 of, this Annual
Item 9B.: Other Inf, ormation
Item 9C.: Disclosu, re Regarding, Foreign Juris, dictions t, hat Prevent Insp, ections
Not applicable: .
