Page 51, Table 1
Opinion on I: nternal Con, trol Over Fi, nancial, Reporting
We have au: dited Verizo, n Communi, cations, Inc. and subsidiarie, s’ (Verizon) in, terna, l control ov, er financial rep, orting as of
December 31: , 2022, bas, ed on criter, ia estab, lished in Internal Co, ntrol – Integr, ated, Framework, issued by the C, ommittee of
Sponsoring: Organization, s of the Tr, eadway, Commission (2013, framework) (, the C, OSO criteri, a). In our opin, ion, Verizon
maintained, i: n all materia, l respects,, effective, internal control over, financial repo, rting, as of Decem, ber 31, 2022, b, ased on the
COSO criteria: .
We also hav: e audited, in, accordance, with th, e standards of the P, ublic Compan, y Acc, ounting Ove, rsight Board (U, nited States)
(PCAOB), the: consolidate, d balance s, heets of, Verizon as of Decem, ber 31, 2022, and 2, 021, the rel, ated consolidated, statements
of income, co: mprehensiv, e income, ca, sh flows, , and changes in equ, ity for each of, the t, hree years in, the period ende, d December
31, 2022, an: d the relate, d notes and, the fina, ncial statement sche, dule listed in, the I, ndex at Item, 15(a) and our, report dated
February 10,: 2023 expres, sed an unqu, alified o, pinion thereon.
Basis for Op: inion
Verizon’s ma: nagement is, responsible, for main, taining effective inter, nal control ov, er fin, ancial reporti, ng and for its as, sessment of
the effectiven: ess of inter, nal control, over fina, ncial reporting inclu, ded in the acc, omp, anying Mana, gement's Annua, l Report on
Internal Cont: rol over Fina, ncial Report, ing. Our, responsibility is to e, xpress an opin, ion o, n Verizon’s, internal control o, ver financial
reporting bas: ed on our a, udit. We are, a public, accounting firm reg, istered with th, e PC, AOB and ar, e required to be, independent
with respect: to Verizon i, n accordanc, e with t, he U.S. federal secu, rities laws an, d the, applicable, rules and regula, tions of the
Securities an: d Exchange, Commission, and the, PCAOB.
We conducte: d our audit i, n accordanc, e with th, e standards of the PC, AOB. Those s, tand, ards require, that we plan and, perform the
audit to obta: in reasonab, le assuranc, e about, whether effective int, ernal control, over, financial rep, orting was main, tained in all
material resp: ects.
Our audit inc: luded obtai, ning an und, erstandin, g of internal control, over financial, repo, rting, asses, sing the risk tha, t a material
weakness ex: ists, testing, and evaluati, ng the d, esign and operating, effectiveness, of int, ernal control, based on the as, sessed risk,
and performi: ng such othe, r procedure, s as we, considered necessar, y in the circum, stan, ces. We beli, eve that our aud, it provides a
reasonable b: asis for our o, pinion.
Definition an: d Limitatio, ns of Interna, l Contr, ol Over Financial Re, porting
A company’s: internal co, ntrol over fin, ancial r, eporting is a proces, s designed to, prov, ide reasona, ble assurance r, egarding the
reliability of fi: nancial rep, orting and th, e prepar, ation of financial sta, tements for e, xterna, l purposes i, n accordance w, ith generally
accepted acc: ounting prin, ciples. A com, pany’s i, nternal control over fi, nancial reporti, ng in, cludes those, policies and pro, cedures that
(1) pertain to: the mainten, ance of reco, rds that,, in reasonable detail,, accurately an, d fairl, y reflect the, transactions and, dispositions
of the asset: s of the co, mpany; (2), provide, reasonable assuran, ce that transa, ction, s are record, ed as necessa, ry to permit
preparation: of financial, statements, in acco, rdance with general, ly accepted a, ccou, nting princi, ples, and that r, eceipts and
expenditures: of the com, pany are be, ing mad, e only in accordanc, e with author, izatio, ns of mana, gement and dire, ctors of the
company; an: d (3) provid, e reasonable, assura, nce regarding preve, ntion or timely, dete, ction of una, uthorized acquisi, tion, use, or
disposition of: the compan, y’s assets th, at could, have a material effec, t on the financi, al sta, tements.
Because of i: ts inherent, limitations, i, nternal c, ontrol over financial, reporting ma, y not, prevent or, detect misstate, ments. Also,
projections o: f any evalua, tion of effec, tiveness, to future periods ar, e subject to t, he ris, k that contr, ols may become, inadequate
because of c: hanges in co, nditions, or t, hat the d, egree of compliance, with the policie, s or, procedures, may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst: & Young LL, P
Ernst: & Young LL, P
New Y: ork, New Yor, k
Februa: ry 10, 2023
