Page 8, Table 1
Multiprotocol L: abel Switching backbo, ne network in critic, al locations.
In addition to: our own network covera, ge, we have roami, ng agreements, with a nu, mber of wireles, s service providers, to enable our
customers to: receive wireless servic, e in nearly all othe, r areas in the, U.S. wher, e wireless serv, ice is available. We, also offer a
variety of inte: rnational wireless voice, and data service, s to our custom, ers throu, gh roaming arr, angements with wir, eless service
providers outs: ide the U.S.
Residential br: oadband service has se, en significant grow, th in bandwidt, h demand, over the past s, everal years, and w, e believe that
demand will c: ontinue to grow. We e, xpect that the cont, inued emergen, ce of new, video services, , new data applicat, ions and the
proliferation o: f IP devices in the h, ome will continue, to drive new, network, requirements f, or increased data, speeds and
throughput. W: e believe that the Pas, sive Optical Netwo, rk (PON) tech, nology und, erpinning Fios, positions us well t, o meet these
demands in a: cost-effective and effici, ent manner.
While deploye: d initially as a consu, mer broadband n, etwork, our PO, N infrastr, ucture is also, experiencing more, widespread
application in t: he Business segment,, especially as busin, esses increasi, ngly migrat, e to Ethernet-b, ased access servic, es.
Verizon owns: and operates one of, the largest globa, l fiber-optic ne, tworks in, the world, pro, viding connectivity, to Business
customers in: more than 180 countrie, s. Our global IP n, etwork include, s long-hau, l, metro and su, bmarine assets tha, t enable and
support intern: ational operations.
Global busine: ss is rapidly evolving, to an "everything, -as-a-service", model in, which Busines, s customers seek, cloud-based,
converged en: terprise solutions delive, red securely via m, anaged and p, rofessiona, l services. We, are continuing to d, eploy packet
optical transpo: rt technology in order t, o create a global n, etwork platform, to meet th, is demand.
The spectrum: licenses we hold can, be used for mobile, and fixed wire, less voice, , video and dat, a communications, services. We
are licensed b: y the Federal Commun, ications Commissi, on (FCC) to pr, ovide thes, e wireless serv, ices on portions of, the 800 MHz
band, also kn: own as cellular spectr, um, the 1800-190, 0 MHz band,, also known, as Personal, Communication Se, rvices (PCS)
spectrum, por: tions of the 700 MHz, upper C block, AW, S 1 and 3 sp, ectrum in, the 1700 and, 2100 MHz bands i, n areas that
collectively co: ver nearly all of the po, pulation of the U.S, ., and 3700-39, 00 MHz, a, lso known as, C-Band. We have a, lso deployed
4G technolog: ies in 3.5 Gigahertz, (GHz) shared spe, ctrum, using, LTE/Citize, ns Broadband, Radio Service, an, d in 5 GHz
unlicensed sp: ectrum, using LTE/Lice, nsed Assisted Acce, ss. All of this s, pectrum is, collectively ca, lled low and mid-ba, nd spectrum.
We are using: our low and mid-band s, pectrum to provide, 4G LTE and 5, G wireless, services. As o, f December 31, 202, 2, we retired
our 3G servic: e. We are increasingly, reallocating spect, rum previously, used for, 3G service to p, rovide 4G LTE ser, vice, and we
completed tha: t transition where need, ed at the end of 2, 022. We are a, lso utilizin, g additional low, and mid-band spe, ctrum for 5G
through DSS: to complement both o, ur C-Band and o, ur spectrum li, censes in, the 28 and 3, 9 GHz band, colle, ctively called
millimeter wav: e spectrum.
Millimeter wav: e spectrum is being us, ed in conjunction, with low and m, id-band sp, ectrum for our, 5G technology dep, loyment. We
own millimeter: wave spectrum predo, minantly in the 28, GHz and 37/39, GHz ban, ds. Millimeter w, ave spectrum is cu, rrently being
used to incre: ase capacity for mobil, e and fixed wirele, ss services in, areas of, high demand., We anticipate that, demand will
continue to in: crease over time, driv, en by growth in c, ustomer conn, ections an, d the increase, d usage of wireles, s broadband
services that: use more bandwidth a, nd require faster r, ates of speed,, as well as, the wider dep, loyment of 5G mob, ile and fixed
services. We: expect to meet the dem, and for 4G and 5G, spectrum nee, ds with our, existing spect, rum assets. If dema, nd continues
to increase or: if new spectrum is req, uired for a future g, eneration of te, chnology,, we can meet th, at demand by acqui, ring licenses
or leasing spe: ctrum from other licens, ees, or by acquirin, g new spectrum, licenses f, rom the FCC, i, f and when future F, CC spectrum
auctions occur: .
We use low a: nd mid-band spectrum, and DSS technol, ogy, to allow 5, G service, to run simultan, eously with 4G LT, E on multiple
spectrum ban: ds. With DSS, wheneve, r customers move, outside Verizo, n’s millime, ter wave and C, -Band coverage are, as, their 5G-
enabled devic: es will remain on 5G te, chnology using the, lower spectru, m bands w, here this netwo, rk is available. This, allows us to
more fully and: effectively utilize our c, urrent spectrum res, ources to serv, e both 4G, and 5G custom, ers.
From time to t: ime we have exchange, d spectrum licens, es with other w, ireless ser, vice providers, through secondary, market swap
transactions.: We expect to continue, to pursue similar, opportunities t, o trade sp, ectrum license, s in order to meet, capacity and
expansion ne: eds in the future. In ce, rtain cases, we ha, ve entered int, o intra-ma, rket spectrum, swaps designed to, increase the
amount of c: ontiguous spectrum w, ithin frequency b, ands in a sp, ecific mar, ket. Contiguou, s spectrum impro, ves network
performance a: nd efficiency. These sw, aps, as well as an, y spectrum pur, chases, re, quire us to obta, in governmental ap, provals.
Verizon 2022: Annual Report on Form, 10-K, 8
