Page 83, Table 1
net device paymen: t plan agreem, ent receivables of, $16.0 billion, w, hich hav, e been transferred, to ABS En, tities and con, tinue to be
reported in our c: onsolidated bal, ance sheet. See, Note 7 for add, itional i, nformation. We b, elieve the, carrying valu, e of these
receivables approx: imate their fair, value using a Le, vel 3 expected c, ash flow, model.
Under the Verizon: device payme, nt program, our e, ligible wireless c, ustomer, s purchase wirele, ss devices, under a devic, e payment
plan agreement. C: ustomers that, activate service, on devices purc, hased u, nder the device p, ayment pro, gram pay low, er service
fees as compared: to those under, our fixed-term se, rvice plans, and, their de, vice payment plan, charge is i, ncluded on th, eir wireless
monthly bill. We no: longer offer C, onsumer custome, rs new fixed-ter, m, subsi, dized service plan, s for device, s; however, w, e continue
to offer subsidized: plans to our B, usiness customer, s. We also cont, inue to, service existing pl, ans for cust, omers who h, ave not yet
purchased and act: ivated devices, under the Verizon, device paymen, t progra, m.
Wireless Device: Payment Pl, an Agreement, Receivables
The following table: displays devic, e payment plan a, greement receiv, ables, n, et, recognized in o, ur consolid, ated balance, sheets:
At December 31,: 2022, 2021
Device payment p: lan agreement, receivables, net,, does not reflect, the trad, e-in liability, additi, onal future, credits or the, guarantee
Unamortized impu: ted interest, (479), (358)
Allowance(1): (881), (759)
Device payment: plan agreeme, nt receivables, n, et, $, 24,828 $, 20,186
Classified in our: consolidated, balance sheets:
Accounts receiva: ble, net, $, 12,929 $, 12,783
Other assets: 11,899, 7,403
Includes allowan: ce for both sho, rt-term and long-, term device pay, ment pla, n agreement recei, vables.
For indirect chann: el wireless con, tracts with custo, mers, we impute, risk adj, usted interest on t, he device p, ayment plan, agreement
receivables. We re: cord the imput, ed interest as a r, eduction to the r, elated a, ccounts receivable, . Interest in, come, which, is included
within Service rev: enues and oth, er in our consolid, ated statements, of inco, me, is recognized, over the fi, nanced devic, e payment
In connection with: certain device, payment plan ag, reements, we m, ay offer, a promotion to a, llow our cu, stomers to up, grade to a
new device after: paying down a, certain specified, portion of the r, equired, device payment, plan agree, ment amount, as well as
trading in their de: vice in good w, orking order. Whe, n a customer e, nters int, o a device payme, nt plan agr, eement with, the right to
upgrade to a new: device, we acc, ount for this trad, e-in right as a g, uarante, e obligation. We r, ecognize a, liability meas, ured at fair
value for the custo: mer’s right to t, rade in the devic, e which is deter, mined b, y considering sev, eral factors,, including the, weighted-
average selling pri: ces obtained in, recent resales of, similar devices, eligible f, or trade-in. At Dec, ember 31,, 2022 and De, cember 31,
2021, the amount: of the guarante, e liability was $54, million and $77, million,, respectively.
We may offer cert: ain promotions, that allow a cust, omer to trade in, their ow, ned device in con, nection wit, h the purchas, e of a new
device. Under the: se types of pro, motions, the cust, omer receives a, credit f, or the value of th, e trade-in d, evice. At Dec, ember 31,
2022 and Decemb: er 31, 2021, th, e amount of trade, -in liability was $, 562 mill, ion and $366 millio, n, respecti, vely.
In addition, we ma: y provide the c, ustomer with add, itional future billi, ng cred, its that will be app, lied agains, t the custome, r’s monthly
bill as long as ser: vice is maintain, ed. These future, billing credits ar, e accou, nted for as consi, deration pa, yable to a cus, tomer and
are included in the: determination, of total transactio, n price, resulting, in a con, tract liability.
Origination of D: evice Payme, nt Plan Agree, ments
When originating: device paymen, t plan agreement, s, we use intern, al and, external data sour, ces to crea, te a credit ris, k score to
measure the credi: t quality of a c, ustomer and to d, etermine eligibili, ty for th, e device payment, program. V, erizon’s expe, rience has
been that the pay: ment attributes, of longer tenure, d customers are, highly p, redictive for estim, ating their, reliability to m, ake future
payments. Custom: ers with longe, r tenures tend to, exhibit similar ris, k chara, cteristics to other, customers, with longer te, nures, and
receivables due fr: om customers, with longer tenu, res tend to per, form be, tter than receivab, les from c, ustomers tha, t have not
previously been V: erizon custome, rs. As a result o, f this experience, , we m, ake initial lending, decisions, based upon w, hether the
customers are "es: tablished custo, mers" or "short-te, nured customer, s." If a C, onsumer custom, er has been, a customer f, or 45 days
