Page 46, Table 1
(dollars in millions): change, Dece, mber 31, 2, 022
Pension plans discount: rate, +0.50, $, (, 676)
Rate of return on pensi: on plan assets, +1.00, (, 168)
Postretirement plans di: scount rate, +0.50, (, 507)
Rate of return on postr: etirement plan assets, +1.00, (5)
n addition to our liabili: ty hedging assets, w, e also emplo, y an interest rate, hedging strate, gy to furthe, r minimiz, e the impa, ct of
discount rate changes: on the funded ratio, of the pensio, n plan. While the t, arget hedge ra, tio varies, depending, on the fu, nded
status of the plan and th: e level of interest ra, tes, the target, hedge ratio was gr, eater than 80%, at Decem, ber 31, 20, 22, signific, antly
The annual measurem: ent date for both our, pension and, other postretireme, nt benefits is, December, 31. We u, se the full, yield
curve approach to estim: ate the interest cost, component of, net periodic benefit, cost for pensi, on and othe, r postreti, rement ben, efits.
The full yield curve ap: proach refines our, estimate of in, terest cost by app, lying the indiv, idual spot, rates fro, m a yield, curve
composed of the rates: of return on several, hundred hig, h-quality fixed incom, e corporate b, onds avail, able at th, e measure, ment
date. These individual s: pot rates align with, the timing of, each future cash ou, tflow for bene, fit payment, s and the, refore prov, ide a
more precise estimate o: f interest cost.
See Note 11 to the cons: olidated financial sta, tements for a, dditional information, .
Our current and deferre: d income taxes and, associated va, luation allowances, are impacted, by events a, nd transa, ctions arisi, ng in
he normal course of bu: siness as well as in, connection wi, th the adoption of n, ew accounting, standards,, changes, in tax law, s and
rates, acquisitions and: dispositions of busin, esses and no, n-recurring items., As a global co, mmercial e, nterprise,, our incom, e tax
rate and the classificati: on of income taxes c, an be affecte, d by many factors,, including estim, ates of the, timing a, nd realizati, on of
deferred income tax ass: ets and the timing a, nd amount of i, ncome tax payment, s. We account, for tax ben, efits take, n or expect, ed to
be taken in our tax retur: ns in accordance wit, h the account, ing standard relatin, g to the uncert, ainty in inco, me taxes, , which req, uires
he use of a two-step a: pproach for recogni, zing and mea, suring tax benefits, taken or expe, cted to be, taken in a, tax return, . We
review and adjust our: liability for unrecogn, ized tax bene, fits based on our, best judgment, given the, facts, circ, umstances, and
nformation available at: each reporting dat, e. To the exte, nt that the final ou, tcome of thes, e tax posit, ions is di, fferent tha, n the
amounts recorded, suc: h differences may im, pact income, tax expense and ac, tual tax paym, ents. We re, cognize, any interes, t and
penalties accrued relat: ed to unrecognized t, ax benefits in, income tax expen, se. Actual tax, payments, may mate, rially differ, from
estimated liabilities as: a result of changes, in tax laws, as well as unantic, ipated transa, ctions impa, cting rela, ted incom, e tax
balances. See Note 12: to the consolidated fi, nancial statem, ents for additional i, nformation.
Property, Plant and Eq: uipment
Our Property, plant and: equipment balance, represents a, significant compone, nt of our cons, olidated as, sets. We, record pro, perty,
plant and equipment at: cost. We depreciate, property, plan, t and equipment o, n a straight-lin, e basis ove, r the esti, mated usef, ul life
of the assets. The esti: mated useful life is, subject to cha, nge due to a varie, ty of factors s, uch as cha, nge in a, sset capac, ity or
performance, technical: obsolescence, mark, et expectation, s and competition, impacts. In co, nnection w, ith our on, going revi, ew of
he estimated useful liv: es of property, plan, t and equipm, ent during 2022, w, e determined, that the es, timated u, seful life o, f our
property, plant and equ: ipment would result, in a decrease, to our 2022 depre, ciation expens, e of $2.2 b, illion and, that a one, year
decrease would result i: n an increase of appr, oximately $3., 5 billion in our 2022, depreciation e, xpense.
Accounts receivable ar: e recorded at amorti, zed cost less, an allowance for cr, edit losses tha, t are not e, xpected t, o be recov, ered.
The gross amount of: accounts receivable, and corresp, onding allowance f, or credit loss, es are pre, sented se, parately i, n the
consolidated balance s: heets. We maintain, allowances f, or credit losses res, ulting from th, e expected, failure or, inability o, f our
customers to make req: uired payments. We, recognize the, allowance for credi, t losses at inc, eption and, reassess, quarterly b, ased
on management’s exp: ectation of the asse, t’s collectabil, ity. The allowance, is based on, multiple fa, ctors inc, luding hist, orical
experience with bad de: bts, the credit qualit, y of the custo, mer base, the agin, g of such rece, ivables an, d current, macroecon, omic
conditions, such as the: COVID-19 pandemi, c, as well as, management’s exp, ectations of co, nditions in, the future, , as applic, able.
The impact of these fac: tors on the allowanc, e involves sig, nificant level of esti, mation and is, subject to u, ncertainty, . Our allow, ance
or credit losses is ba: sed on manageme, nt’s assessm, ent of the collecta, bility of asset, s pooled t, ogether, with similar, risk
Verizon 2022 Annual Re: port on Form 10-K, 46
