Page 18, Table 1
to pay significa: nt awards or, settlements.
Financial Ri: sks
Verizon has: significant, debt, which, could increase f, urther if Ve, rizon, incurs ad, ditional debt in the, future and
does not ret: ire existing, debt.
As of Decemb: er 31, 2022,, Verizon had, approximately $130, .6 billion of, outsta, nding unse, cured indebtedness,, $9.4 billion of
unused borrow: ing capacity, under our exi, sting revolving cre, dit facility and, $20., 0 billion of, outstanding secured, indebtedness.
Verizon’s debt: level and rela, ted debt servic, e obligations could, have negativ, e cons, equences,, including:
• requir: ing Verizon t, o dedicate si, gnificant cash flow, from operati, ons t, o the paym, ent of principal, inter, est and other
amou: nts payable, on our debt, w, hich would reduce, the funds we, have, available f, or other purposes, su, ch as working
capita: l, capital exp, enditures, divid, end payments and, acquisitions;
• makin: g Verizon mo, re vulnerable i, n the event of a do, wnturn in our, busine, ss; and
expen: ditures, debt, service requi, rements, debt refin, ancing, acqu, isition, s or other, purposes and limitin, g its ability to
repur: chase commo, n stock;
• reduc: ing Verizon’s, flexibility in pla, nning for or reactin, g to changes, in our, industries a, nd market conditions;
• expos: ing Verizon t, o increased in, terest rate risk to t, he extent tha, t our, debt obligat, ions are subject to v, ariable interest
Adverse cha: nges in the, financial m, arkets and other, factors cou, ld in, crease ou, r borrowing costs, and the
availability o: f financing, .
We require a: significant a, mount of capi, tal to operate and, grow our bu, sines, s. We fund, our capital needs in, part through
borrowings in: the public an, d private cred, it markets. Adverse, changes in, the fi, nancial mar, kets, including increa, ses in interest
rates or chang: es in exchan, ge rates, coul, d increase our cost, of borrowing,, requi, re us to po, st a significant amou, nt of collateral,
and/or make it: more difficult, for us to obtai, n financing for our o, perations or r, efinan, ce existing, indebtedness. In addi, tion, our ability
to obtain fundi: ng under ass, et-backed deb, t transactions is s, ubject to our, ability, to continue, to originate a suffici, ent amount of
assets eligible: to be securi, tized. Our bor, rowing costs also c, an be affect, ed by, short- and, long-term debt rating, s assigned by
independent ra: ting agencies, , which are ba, sed, in significant p, art, on our pe, rform, ance as me, asured by customary, credit metrics.
A decrease in: these ratings, would likely in, crease our cost of, borrowing an, d/or m, ake it more, difficult for us to obta, in financing. A
severe disrupti: on in the glo, bal financial m, arkets could impact, some of the, finan, cial institutio, ns with which we do, business, and
such instability: could also af, fect our acces, s to financing.
Increases in: costs for p, ension bene, fits and active a, nd retiree h, ealth, care bene, fits may reduce ou, r
profitability: and increas, e our fundin, g commitments.
With approxim: ately 117,100, employees a, nd approximately 1, 86,700 retire, es as, of Decemb, er 31, 2022 eligible to, participate in
Verizon’s bene: fit plans, the, costs of pensi, on benefits and acti, ve and retire, e heal, thcare bene, fits have a significant, impact on our
profitability. Ou: r costs of m, aintaining thes, e plans, and the fu, ture funding r, equire, ments for t, hese plans, are affec, ted by several
factors, includi: ng increases, in healthcare, costs, decreases in, investment re, turns, on funds h, eld by our pension an, d other benefit
plan trusts an: d changes in, the discount, rate and mortality, assumptions, used, to calculate, pension and other, postretirement
expenses. If w: e are unable t, o limit future in, creases in the cost, s of our bene, fit plan, s, those co, sts could reduce our p, rofitability and
increase our fu: nding commi, tments.
Item 1B. U: nresolved, Staff Comme, nts
Verizon 2022 A: nnual Report, on Form 10-K, 18
