Page 100, Table 1
At Decembe: r 31,, (dollar, s in millions)
2022: $, 544
2021: 551
The decreas: e in unrec, ognized tax bene, fits was primarily, related to t, he resolution, of issues wi, th the, Internal Rev, enue Service
(IRS) involvi: ng tax yea, rs 2015-2016 a, s well as final pu, rchase acc, ounting adju, stments ma, de in, connection w, ith the 2021
acquisition of: TracFone, . The uncertain t, ax benefits relate, d to the acq, uisition of Tr, acFone are t, he su, bject of an in, demnity from
América Móv: il for which, there is a corres, ponding indemnity, asset.
Verizon and/: or its sub, sidiaries file inco, me tax returns i, n the U.S., federal jurisd, iction, and, variou, s state, loca, l and foreign
jurisdictions.: As a large, taxpayer, we are, under audit by th, e IRS and, multiple state, and foreign, jurisdi, ctions for vari, ous open tax
years. The IR: S is curre, ntly examining th, e Company’s U.S., income tax, returns for ta, x years 201, 7-2018, and Cellco's, U.S. income
tax return for: tax years, 2017-2019. Tax c, ontroversies are o, ngoing for t, ax years as e, arly as 2009, in cer, tain states an, d as early as
2000 outside: the U.S. T, he amount of th, e liability for unrec, ognized tax, benefits will, change in th, e next, twelve mont, hs due to the
expiration of: the statute, of limitations in, various jurisdictio, ns and it is, reasonably p, ossible that, variou, s current tax, examinations
will conclude: or require, reevaluations of, the Company’s ta, x positions, during this pe, riod. An esti, mate o, f the range o, f the possible
change cann: ot be made, until these tax m, atters are further, developed o, r resolved.
Note 13. S: egment I, nformation
Reportable: Segmen, ts
We have two: reportabl, e segments that, we operate and, manage as, strategic bu, siness units, - Con, sumer and B, usiness. We
measure and: evaluate o, ur reportable seg, ments based on s, egment op, erating incom, e, consistent, with t, he chief oper, ating decision
maker’s asse: ssment of, segment perform, ance.
Our segment: s and their, principal activitie, s consist of the fol, lowing:
Segment: De, scription
Verizon: Ou, r Business segm, ent provides wire, less and w, ireline comm, unications s, ervice, s and produc, ts, including
Consumer: pr, oducts. Our wirel, ess services are, provided ac, ross one of t, he most exte, nsive, wireless net, works in the
Group: se, rvices, local and, long distance voi, ce services, and network, access to d, eliver, various IoT s, ervices and
Business: da, ta, video and co, nferencing servic, es, corpora, te networking, solutions, s, ecurit, y and manag, ed network
Our Consum: er segmen, t's wireless and, wireline products a, nd services, are availabl, e to our retai, l cust, omers, as we, ll as resellers
that purchas: e wireless, network access, from us on a who, lesale basis, . Our Busine, ss segment’, s wire, less and wire, line products
and services: are organ, ized by the prim, ary customer grou, ps targeted, by these of, ferings: Sma, ll and, Medium Bus, iness, Global
Enterprise, P: ublic Secto, r and Other, and, Wholesale.
Corporate an: d other pr, imarily includes i, nsurance captive, s, investme, nts in uncons, olidated bus, inesse, s and develo, pment stage
businesses th: at suppor, t our strategic init, iatives, as well as, unallocated, corporate ex, penses, cert, ain pe, nsion and ot, her employee
benefit relate: d costs an, d interest and fi, nancing expenses, . Corporate, and other a, lso includes, the hi, storical result, s of divested
businesses i: ncluding V, erizon Media, an, d other adjustmen, ts and gain, s and losses, that are not, alloca, ted in asses, sing segment
performance: due to the, ir nature. Althoug, h such transactio, ns are exclu, ded from the, business se, gmen, t results, they, are included
in reported c: onsolidate, d earnings. Gains, and losses from, these trans, actions that, are not indivi, dually, significant ar, e included in
segment resu: lts as thes, e items are inclu, ded in the chief op, erating deci, sion maker’s, assessment, of seg, ment perform, ance.
We complete: d the sale, of Verizon Medi, a on September, 1, 2021. Se, e Note 3 for, additional inf, ormat, ion on the sa, le of Verizon
Verizon 2022: Annual Re, port on Form 10-, K, 100
