Page 61, Table 1
guarantee liability: was $54 million and $, 77 million a, t December 3, 1, 2022 an, d 2021, respect, ively. The, total transa, ction price is
reduced by the g: uarantee, which is ac, counted for, outside the, scope of T, opic 606, and, the remai, ning transa, ction price is
allocated between: the performance oblig, ations within, the contract.
Our fixed-term plan: s generally include th, e sale of a w, ireless device, at subsidiz, ed prices. This, results in, the creation, of a contract
asset at the time of: sale, which represent, s the recogn, ition of equip, ment reven, ue in excess of, amounts b, illed.
For our device pay: ment plans, billing cre, dits are acc, ounted for as, considerat, ion payable to, a custome, r and are in, cluded in the
determination of to: tal transaction price, r, esulting in a, contract liabili, ty.
We may provide a: right of return on our p, roducts and, services for, a short time, period after a s, ale. Thes, e rights are, accounted for
as variable conside: ration when determini, ng the trans, action price, a, nd accordi, ngly we recogni, ze revenu, e based on, the estimated
amount to which: we expect to be entitl, ed after con, sidering exp, ected return, s. Returns and, credits a, re estimate, d at contract
inception and upd: ated at the end of ea, ch reporting, period as ad, ditional info, rmation becom, es availab, le. We also, may provide
credits or incentive: s on our products and, services fo, r contracts wit, h resellers,, which are acco, unted for, as variable, consideration
when estimating th: e amount of revenue t, o recognize.
Total consideration: for wireline services, that are bun, dled in a sing, le contract, is allocated to e, ach perfo, rmance obl, igation based
on our standalone: selling price for each, service. Whi, le many contr, acts include, one or more s, ervice per, formance o, bligations, the
revenue recognitio: n pattern is generally, not impacte, d by the alloc, ation since, the services ar, e generall, y satisfied o, ver the same
period of time. We: estimate the standalo, ne selling pr, ice to be the, price of the, services when, sold on a, standalone, basis without
any promotional di: scount. In addition, we, also asses, s whether the, service ter, m is impacted b, y certain, legally enfo, rceable rights
and obligations in: our contract with cust, omers such, as penalties t, hat a custo, mer would hav, e to pay t, o early term, inate a fixed-
term contract. Th: e assessment of the, se legally, enforceable, rights and, obligations inv, olves jud, gment and, impacts our
determination of tra: nsaction price and rel, ated disclos, ures.
We may provide: performance-based c, redits or in, centives on, our product, s and services, for cont, racts with, our Business
customers, which: are accounted for as, variable con, sideration wh, en estimati, ng the transact, ion price., Credits are, estimated at
contract inception: and are updated at the, end of each, reporting per, iod as addi, tional informatio, n become, s available.
Wireless and Wirel: ine Contracts
For offers that incl: ude third-party provide, rs, we eval, uate whether, we are acti, ng as the princi, pal or as, the agent w, ith respect to
the goods or serv: ices provided to the, customer. T, his principal-v, ersus-agen, t assessment i, nvolves ju, dgment an, d focuses on
whether the facts: and circumstances o, f the arrang, ement indicat, e that the, goods or servi, ces were, controlled b, y us prior to
transferring them t: o the customer. To eva, luate if we h, ave control,, we consider, various factors, including, whether we, are primarily
responsible for fulfi: llment, bear risk of los, s and have, discretion ove, r pricing.
Advertising revenu: es are generated thro, ugh display a, dvertising an, d search ad, vertising. Displa, y advertis, ing revenue, is generated
by the display of g: raphical advertisemen, ts and othe, r performance, -based adv, ertising. Searc, h advertis, ing revenue, is generated
when a consumer: clicks on a text-based, advertisem, ent on the sea, rch results, page. The dive, sted Veriz, on Media G, roup (Verizon
Media), primarily e: arned revenue throug, h display ad, vertising on, Verizon Me, dia properties,, as well as, on third-pa, rty properties
through our adve: rtising platforms, sea, rch adverti, sing, and su, bscription, arrangements., Revenue, for display, and search
advertising contrac: ts is recognized as ad, s are deliver, ed, while sub, scription co, ntracts are reco, gnized ov, er time. We, are generally
the principal in tra: nsactions carried out, through ou, r advertising, platforms, a, nd therefore r, eport gros, s revenue, based on the
amount billed to ou: r customers. The con, trol and tran, sfer of digital, advertising, inventory occur, s in a rapi, d, real-time, environment,
where our propriet: ary technology enable, s us to iden, tify, enhance,, verify and, solely control d, igital adv, ertising inve, ntory that we
then sell to our cus: tomers. Our control is, further sup, ported by us b, eing prima, rily responsible, to our cus, tomers for f, ulfillment and
the fact that we ca: n exercise a level of d, iscretion ov, er pricing. We, completed, the sale of Ver, izon Medi, a on Septe, mber 1, 2021.
See Note 3 for add: itional information on t, he sale of V, erizon Media.
We offer telematic: s services including, smart fleet, managemen, t and opti, mization softwa, re. Telem, atics servic, e revenue is
generated primarily: through subscription, contracts. W, e recognize r, evenue ove, r time for our su, bscription, contracts.
We report taxes c: ollected from custome, rs on behal, f of governm, ental autho, rities on revenu, e-produci, ng transacti, ons on a net
Maintenance an: d Repairs
We charge the c: ost of maintenance a, nd repairs,, including the, cost of r, eplacing minor, items no, t constitutin, g substantial
betterments, princi: pally to Cost of service, s as these c, osts are incur, red.
