Page 26, Table 1
Years Ended Decemb: er 31,, 2022, 20, 21 202, 2 vs. 2021
Provision for income t: axes, $ 6,523, $ 6,802, $ (2, 79) (4.1) %
Effective income tax r: ate, 23.1 %, 23.1, %
The effective income t: ax rate is cal, culated by, dividing, the provision for income, taxes by inc, ome befo, re the provi, sion for income
taxes. The effective in: come tax rat, e for the y, ear ende, d December 31, 2022 w, as comparab, le to the, similar peri, od in 2021. The
decrease in the provisi: on for incom, e taxes wa, s primari, ly due to the decrease in, income befo, re income, taxes in 20, 22.
A reconciliation of the: statutory fed, eral incom, e tax rat, e to the effective income, tax rate for e, ach peri, od is include, d in Note 12 to
the consolidated financ: ial statemen, ts.
Consolidated Net I: ncome, Co, nsolidate, d EBIT, DA and Consolidated, Adjusted E, BITDA
Consolidated earnings: before inter, est, taxes,, deprecia, tion and amortization ex, pense (Cons, olidated, EBITDA) an, d Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA, wh: ich are pres, ented belo, w, are n, on-generally accepted, accounting p, rinciples, (GAAP) me, asures that we
believe are useful to m: anagement,, investors, and othe, r users of our financial in, formation in, evaluatin, g operating, profitability on a
more variable cost bas: is as they ex, clude the, depreciat, ion and amortization exp, ense related, primarily, to capital e, xpenditures and
acquisitions that occu: rred in prior, years, as, well as, in evaluating operating, performance, in relatio, n to Verizo, n’s competitors.
Consolidated EBITDA: is calculated, by adding, back inte, rest, taxes, depreciation, and amortiza, tion expe, nse to net i, ncome.
Consolidated Adjusted: EBITDA is c, alculated, by exclu, ding from Consolidated E, BITDA the e, ffect of th, e following, non-operational
items: equity in earnin: gs of uncon, solidated, business, es and other income an, d expense,, net, as w, ell as the, effect of certain
special items. We beli: eve that this, measure i, s useful, to management, investo, rs and other, users of, our financia, l information in
evaluating the effectiv: eness of our, operations, and und, erlying business trends i, n a manner t, hat is co, nsistent with, management’s
evaluation of business: performanc, e. We beli, eve that, Consolidated Adjusted E, BITDA is wid, ely used, by investor, s to compare a
company’s operating p: erformance t, o its comp, etitors b, y minimizing impacts cau, sed by differ, ences in, capital struc, ture, taxes, and
depreciation and amor: tization polici, es. Furthe, r, the exc, lusion of non-operationa, l items and s, pecial ite, ms enables, comparability to
prior period performan: ce and trend, analysis. S, ee "Spe, cial Items" for additional i, nformation.
It is management’s int: ent to provid, e non-GAA, P financ, ial information to enhan, ce the unders, tanding, of Verizon’s, GAAP financial
information, and it sho: uld be cons, idered by, the read, er in addition to, but not, instead of, t, he finan, cial stateme, nts prepared in
accordance with GAA: P. Each non-, GAAP fina, ncial me, asure is presented along, with the corr, espondin, g GAAP me, asure so as not
to imply that more emp: hasis should, be placed, on the n, on-GAAP measure. We, believe that p, roviding, these non-G, AAP measures
in addition to the GAA: P measures, allows ma, nageme, nt, investors and other u, sers of our fi, nancial in, formation to, more fully and
accurately assess bo: th consolida, ted and s, egment, performance. The non-, GAAP finan, cial infor, mation pres, ented may be
determined or calculat: ed differently, by other c, ompanie, s and may not be directly, comparable, to that of, other comp, anies.
Verizon 2022 Annual R: eport on For, m 10-K, 26
