Page 16, Table 1
industry, which i: ncludes of, ferings of telematics pr, oducts and services,, could also increas, e our exposu, re to potent, ial costs and
expenses and re: putational, harm in the event of cy, ber attacks impacting, these products or, services. In a, ddition, a c, ompromise of
security or a th: eft or oth, er compromise of valu, able information, su, ch as financial da, ta and sensi, tive or priv, ate personal
information, cou: ld result i, n lawsuits and govern, ment claims, investig, ations or proceedin, gs. Any of t, hese occur, rences could
damage our rep: utation, ad, versely impact custom, er and investor confid, ence and result in, a material ad, verse effect, on Verizon’s
results of operati: ons and fi, nancial condition.
Natural disast: ers, extr, eme weather conditi, ons, acts of war, t, errorist or other, hostile act, s could ca, use
damage to ou: r infrastr, ucture and result in, significant disrup, tions to our oper, ations.
Our business op: erations a, re subject to interruptio, n by power outages, a, cts of war, terrorist, or other hosti, le acts, nat, ural disasters
or the potential i: mpacts of, climate change, includin, g the increasing prev, alence and intensit, y of hurricane, s, wildfires,, flooding, hail
and storms. Suc: h events c, ould cause significant d, amage to our infrastr, ucture upon which, our business, operations, rely, resulting
in degradation o: r disrupti, on of service to our c, ustomers, as well as, significant recove, ry time and, expenditure, s to resume
operations. Our: system re, dundancy may be ineffe, ctive or inadequate t, o sustain our opera, tions through, all such ev, ents. We are
implementing, a: nd will con, tinue to implement, me, asures to protect our, infrastructure and, operations fr, om the imp, acts of these
events in the fut: ure, but th, ese measures and ou, r overall disaster reco, very planning may, not be suffic, ient for all, eventualities.
These events co: uld also d, amage the infrastructur, e of the suppliers that, provide us with the, equipment a, nd services, that we need
to operate our b: usiness an, d provide products to o, ur customers. These, occurrences could, result in lost, revenues f, rom business
interruption, dam: age to our, reputation and reduce, d profits.
Public health: crises co, uld materially adve, rsely affect our bu, siness, financial, condition a, nd result, s of
We are subject: to risks re, lated to public health c, rises, such as the C, OVID-19 pandemic,, which had a, n adverse, effect on our
operating results: in 2020., Our business is based, on our ability to pro, vide products and, services to c, ustomers th, roughout the
United States an: d around, the world and the abilit, y of those customers, to use and pay for, those produ, cts and ser, vices for their
businesses and: in their da, ily lives. As a result, o, ur business, financia, l condition and res, ults of operat, ions could, be materially
adversely affecte: d by a pu, blic health crisis that sig, nificantly impacts the, way customers us, e and are abl, e to pay for, our products
and services, the: way our, employees are able to p, rovide services to our, customers, and th, e ways that o, ur partners, and suppliers
are able to prov: ide produ, cts and services to us., For example, public, and private sector, policies and, initiatives t, o reduce the
transmission of: COVID-19, and initiatives Verizon, took in response to t, he health crisis to, promote the, health and, safety of our
employees and: provide c, ritical infrastructure an, d connectivity to our, customers, along, with the rela, ted global, slowdown in
economic activit: y, resulted, in decreased revenues,, increased costs and, lower earnings per, share during, 2020. In ad, dition, such a
crisis could signi: ficantly inc, rease the probability or, consequences of the, risks our business, faces in ordin, ary circums, tances, such
as risks associa: ted with o, ur supplier and vendor, relationships, risks of, an economic slow, down, regula, tory risks, a, nd the costs
and availability o: f financing, .
We depend on: key sup, pliers and vendors, to provide equipm, ent that we need, to operate, our busi, ness.
We depend on v: arious key, suppliers and vendors, to provide us, directly, or through other su, ppliers, with, equipment, and services,
such as fiber, s: witch and, network equipment, sm, artphones and other, wireless devices t, hat we need, in order to, operate our
business and pr: ovide prod, ucts and services to o, ur customers. For ex, ample, our smartph, one and oth, er device s, uppliers often
rely on one vend: or for the, manufacture and suppl, y of critical componen, ts, such as chipset, s, used in the, ir devices,, and there are
a limited number: of compa, nies capable of supplyi, ng the network infrast, ructure equipment, on which we, depend. Th, ese suppliers
or vendors coul: d fail to p, rovide equipment or se, rvice on a timely ba, sis, or fail to meet, our perform, ance expec, tations, for a
number of reaso: ns, includi, ng, for example, disrup, tion to the global sup, ply chain as a resu, lt of geopoliti, cal factors,, public health
crises, natural d: isasters or, the potential impacts, of global climate chan, ge. If such failures, occur, we m, ay be unab, le to provide
products and se: rvices as, and when requested by, our customers, or w, e may be unable to, continue to, maintain or, upgrade our
networks. Due to: the cost, and time lag that can be, associated with tran, sitioning from one s, upplier to ano, ther, our b, usiness could
be substantially: disrupted, if we were required to,, or chose to, replace, the products or ser, vices of one, or more m, ajor suppliers
with products or: services, from another source,, especially if the repl, acement became n, ecessary on, short noti, ce. Any such
disruption could: increase, our costs, decrease ou, r operating efficiencie, s and have a mat, erial adverse, effect on, our business,
The suppliers an: d vendors, on which we rely may, also be subject to lit, igation with respec, t to technolo, gy on which, we depend,
including litigatio: n involvin, g claims of patent infrin, gement. Such claims, are frequently mad, e in the com, munications, industry. We
are unable to pre: dict wheth, er our business will be, affected by any such, litigation. We expec, t our depend, ence on ke, y suppliers to
continue as we d: evelop an, d introduce more advan, ced generations of te, chnology.
A significant p: ortion o, f our workforce is re, presented by labo, r unions, and w, e could inc, ur additio, nal costs
or experience: work sto, ppages as a result, of the renegotiatio, n of our labor co, ntracts.
As of December: 31, 2022,, approximately 22.5% o, f our workforce is rep, resented by the Co, mmunication, s Workers, of America or
the International: Brotherho, od of Electrical Worker, s. While we have lab, or contracts in plac, e with these, unions, wit, h subsequent
negotiations we: could inc, ur additional costs and, /or experience work, stoppages, which, could adver, sely affect, our business
Verizon 2022 An: nual Repo, rt on Form 10-K, 16
