Page 12, Table 1
government glob: ally, and privacy-relate, d legislation h, as been intr, oduced or is und, er con, sideration in many, locations. These
regulations could: have a significant impa, ct on our busi, nesses.
Public Safety an: d Cybersecurity
The FCC plays a: role in addressing pu, blic safety con, cerns by reg, ulating emergen, cy com, munications servic, es and mandating
widespread avail: ability of both media (b, roadcast/cable, ) and wireles, s emergency ale, rting s, ervices. In respons, e to cyber attacks
that have occurre: d or could occur in the, future, howev, er, the FCC, or other regulato, rs may, attempt to increas, e regulation of the
cybersecurity pra: ctices of providers. Th, e FCC is also, addressing, the use by Amer, ican co, mpanies of equip, ment produced by
certain companie: s deemed to cause po, tential nationa, l security risk, s. Verizon does, not cur, rently use equipm, ent in its networks
from vendors un: der such restrictions. I, n addition, du, e to recent n, atural disasters,, federal, and state agenci, es may attempt to
impose regulatio: ns to ensure continuity, of service d, uring disaster, s. For example,, the F, CC adopted rules, requiring wireless
providers to sup: port roaming on each, other’s netwo, rks during di, sasters, and the, Califor, nia Public Utilities, Commission has
imposed regulatio: ns relating to back-up, power for com, munications f, acilities.
Intercarrier Com: pensation and Netwo, rk Access
The FCC regulat: es some of the rates tha, t carriers pay, each other fo, r the exchange o, f voice, traffic (particularly, traditional wireline
traffic) over differ: ent networks and other, aspects of inte, rconnection f, or some voice se, rvices., The FCC also reg, ulates some of the
rates and terms: and conditions for certa, in wireline "bu, siness data s, ervices" and oth, er serv, ices and network f, acilities. Verizon is
both a seller and: a buyer of these servic, es, and both m, akes and rec, eives interconne, ction pa, yments.
Human Capita: l Resources
At Verizon, we kn: ow that our people are, one of our mo, st valuable a, ssets. In order to, realize, our core business, strategy, we have
developed huma: n capital programs and, practices that, support, dev, elop and care fo, r our e, mployees from the, time they join our
team through the: entirety of their careers, with Verizon., These progra, ms are centered, on the, following principles, :
• Attract t: he right talent for our fut, ure and maint, ain a diverse, workforce with hi, gh-valu, e skills and expert, ise.
• Develop: our employees to their, full potential, through best-, in-class educatio, nal pro, grams and except, ional development
experien: ces and create a cultur, e of continuou, s learning an, d engagement.
• Inspire: individuals to build a, career at V, erizon by pr, oviding meaning, ful wor, k and upskilling, opportunities and
establis: hing an inclusive work e, nvironment fo, r all.
Verizon is commi: tted to being an employ, er of choice. W, ith approxim, ately 117,100 em, ployee, s on a full-time equ, ivalent basis as of
December 31, 2: 022, 89% of whom ar, e based in th, e U.S., we, know that we n, eed em, ployees with dive, rse backgrounds,
experiences and: perspectives to best m, eet the needs, of the divers, e customers and, comm, unities we serve., Our human capital
programs and pr: actices are designed to, create a wor, kplace where, employees are, empow, ered to share thei, r authentic selves
and feel seen a: nd heard as vital contr, ibutors to Ver, izon’s corpor, ate purpose. In, additio, n, Verizon has ex, tensive on-the-job
training opportun: ities, tuition reimburse, ment programs, and career, development su, pport to, enable our emplo, yees to maximize
their potential an: d thrive professionally, . Our long-st, anding comm, itment to divers, ity and, inclusion has res, ulted in a strong
representation of: women and people of, color. As of D, ecember 31,, 2022, Verizon's, global, workforce was ap, proximately 66.5%
male, 33.3% fem: ale and 0.2% unknown, or undeclare, d, and the ra, ce/ethnicity of o, ur U.S., workforce was 52, .5% White, 20.0%
Black, 12.9% His: panic, 8.2% Asian, 0.5, % American In, dian/Alaskan, Native, 0.3% N, ative H, awaiian/Pacific Isla, nder, 2.7% two or
more races, and: 2.9% unknown or und, eclared. Wom, en represente, d 36.4% of U.S., senior, leadership (vice p, resident level and
above). People o: f color represented 32.5, % of U.S. sen, ior leadership, .
Verizon respects: our employees’ rights, to freedom of, association, and collective ba, rgainin, g in compliance w, ith applicable law,
including the rig: ht to join or not join la, bor unions. W, e have a lo, ng history of wo, rking w, ith the Communic, ations Workers of
America and the: International Brotherho, od of Electrica, l Workers—t, he two unions th, at in to, tal represent appro, ximately 22.5% of
our employees: as of December 31, 2, 022. The cu, rrent collectiv, e bargaining a, greeme, nts covering our, union-represented
employees who: serve customers in our, Mid-Atlantic, and Northeas, t service areas, extend, through August 1,, 2026. In addition,
where applicable: outside of the U.S., we, engage with e, mployee repr, esentative bodie, s such, as works council., Verizon meets with
U.S. national an: d local union leaders,, as well as wo, rks council l, eaders outside t, he U.S, ., to talk about ke, y business topics,
including safety,: customer service, plan, s to improve, operational p, rocesses, our b, usines, s performance and, the impacts that
changing technol: ogy and competition are, having on ou, r customers,, employees and b, usines, s strategy.
For a discussion: of the oversight provi, ded by the C, ompany's Bo, ard of Directors, over V, erizon's human ca, pital management
practices, see th: e section entitled "Gove, rnance — Ou, r Governance, Framework —, Oversig, ht of human capita, l management" in
our definitive Pr: oxy Statement to be fi, led with the, Securities an, d Exchange Co, mmissio, n and delivered t, o shareholders in
connection with o: ur 2023 Annual Meetin, g of Sharehold, ers.
Verizon 2022 Ann: ual Report on Form 10, -K, 12
