Page 45, Table 1
key strategic reve: nue and cost initia, tives, as well, as revenue a, nd EBIT, DA growth rela, tive to histo, ry and mark, et trends and
expectations. The: market multiples, approach incor, porated signifi, cant jud, gment involved, in the selec, tion of comp, arable public
company multiples: and benchmarks, . The selection, of companie, s and m, ultiples was in, fluenced by, differences i, n growth and
profitability, and vo: latility in market pr, ices of peer co, mpanies. The, se valua, tion inputs are, inherently ju, dgmental, an, d an adverse
change in one or a: combination of the, se inputs coul, d trigger a goo, dwill imp, airment loss in, the future.
During the fourth: quarter of 2022, w, e performed a, quantitative im, pairmen, t assessment, for our Busin, ess reportin, g unit given it
qualitative assess: ment indicated that, it was more li, kely than not t, hat the f, air value of our, Consumer r, eporting unit, exceeded its
carrying value and: , therefore, did not, result in an im, pairment.
has continued to: experience increa, sed market pr, essures resulti, ng in lo, wer than expe, cted revenue, s and earni, ngs that may
continue to persis: t over the near t, erm. At the go, odwill impairm, ent me, asurement dat, e of Octobe, r 31, 2022,, our Business
reporting unit had: a fair value that, exceeded its, carrying amou, nt by ap, proximately 8, % and, there, fore, did no, t result in an
impairment. We d: o not anticipate r, easonable ch, anges in signi, ficant es, timates to ch, ange the ou, tcome of th, e quantitative
impairment assess: ment. For instance, , if either the t, erminal value, growth r, ate declined by, 50 basis po, ints, or if the, discount rate
increased by 50 b: asis points, the fai, r value of our, Business repo, rting uni, t would still ex, ceed its carr, ying value. H, owever, as a
result of our 2022: goodwill assessme, nt, manageme, nt believes the, re is an i, ncreasing risk, that our Busi, ness reportin, g unit may be
required to recogn: ize an impairment, charge in the, future. See N, ote 4 to, the consolida, ted financial, statements, for additional
A projected sustai: ned decline in a r, eporting unit's, revenues and, earning, s could have a, significant, negative imp, act on its fair
value and may re: sult in impairment, charges. Such, a decline co, uld be dr, iven by, amon, g other thing, s: (1) decre, ases in sales
volumes or long-te: rm growth rate as, a result of com, petitive pressu, res or o, ther factors; or, (2) the inabi, lity to achiev, e or delays in
achieving the goal: s in strategic initi, atives. Also, a, dverse change, s to ma, croeconomic fa, ctors, such, as increases, in long-term
interest rates, woul: d also negatively i, mpact the fair v, alue of the rep, orting un, it.
At December 31, 2: 021, the balance, of our goodwill, was approxim, ately $28, .6 billion, of w, hich $21.0 bi, llion was in o, ur Consumer
reporting unit and: $7.5 billion was in, our Business, reporting unit., We perf, ormed quantit, ative impairm, ent assessm, ents for both
our Consumer and: Business reportin, g units during, the fourth qua, rter of 20, 21. At the goo, dwill impairm, ent measur, ement date of
October 31, 2021,: our quantitative a, ssessments in, dicated that th, e fair va, lues for our C, onsumer an, d Business r, eporting units
were substantially: in excess of their c, arrying values, and, therefore,, did not, result in impair, ment.
Pension and Othe: r Postretirement, Benefit Plans
We maintain benef: it plans for most o, f our employee, s, including, fo, r certain, employees, p, ension and o, ther postretir, ement benefit
plans. Benefit plan: assumptions, incl, uding the disco, unt rate used,, the long, -term rate of r, eturn on plan, assets, the, determination
of the substantive: plan and health c, are trend rate, s are periodic, ally upd, ated and impa, ct the amou, nt of benefit, plan income,
expense, assets a: nd obligations. Ch, anges to one, or more of the, se assu, mptions could, significantly, impact our a, ccounting for
pension and other: postretirement ben, efits.
In determining pen: sion and other po, stretirement o, bligations, the, weighted, -average disc, ount rate wa, s selected to, approximate
the composite inte: rest rates availabl, e on a selectio, n of high-quali, ty bonds, available in t, he market at, December 3, 1, 2022. The
bonds selected ha: d maturities that c, oincided with t, he time period, s during, which benefit, payments ar, e expected t, o occur, were
non-callable and a: vailable in sufficien, t quantities to, ensure market, ability (a, t least $300 m, illion par out, standing). B, ond yields are
subject to uncerta: inty for a numbe, r of reasons i, ncluding corpo, rate pe, rformance, cre, dit rating do, wngrades a, nd upgrades,
government fiscal: policy decisions, a, nd general ma, rket volatility. T, he expe, cted long-term, rates of retu, rn on plan a, ssets used in
determining Verizo: n’s pension and o, ther postretire, ment obligation, s are ba, sed on expect, ations for fut, ure investme, nt returns for
the plans’ asset all: ocation. The rates, are subject to, uncertainty for, a numb, er of reasons i, ncluding cor, porate perfor, mance, credit
ratings, monetary p: olicy, inflation, exc, hange rates, in, vestor behavio, r and ge, neral market v, olatility.
A sensitivity analys: is of the impact of, changes in th, e discount rate, and the, long-term rate, of return on, plan assets, on the benefit
obligations and ex: pense, and do not, reflect change, s in asset valu, es as a, result of intere, st rate chang, es, for whic, h our pension
assets as of Dece: mber 31, 2022 and, for the year th, en ended perta, ining to, Verizon’s pens, ion and post, retirement be, nefit plans, is
provided in the ta: ble below. The am, ounts in the t, able below rel, ated to, discount rate, changes are, gross impa, cts on benefit
plan is highly hedg: ed.
