Page 36, Table 1
penetration of FWA: and conne, cted devices incl, uding wearabl, es, table, ts and IoT device, s. Although certain use c, ases for 5G
technologies and r: elated ecos, ystems are in ea, rly developme, nt stag, es, we expect this, technology will provide a, significant
opportunity for grow: th in the co, ming years. With r, espect to our, wireless, connectivity produ, cts and services, we comp, ete against
other national wirele: ss service, providers, includin, g AT&T Inc. a, nd T-Mo, bile US, Inc., as w, ell as various regional wire, less service
providers. We also: compete fo, r retail activations, with resellers, that buy, bulk wholesale s, ervice from wireless servic, e providers,
including Verizon, a: nd resell it t, o their customers., Resellers incl, ude cab, le companies, suc, h as Comcast Corporation, and Charter
Communications, I: nc., and oth, ers. We face co, mpetition from, other, communications a, nd technology companies, seeking to
increase their brand: recognition, and capture cust, omer revenue, with res, pect to the provisio, n of wireless products and, services, in
addition to non-tradi: tional offeri, ngs in mobile data, . For example,, Micros, oft Corporation, Alp, habet Inc., Apple Inc., Met, a Platforms,
Inc. and others are: offering alte, rnative means for, messaging an, d makin, g wireless voice c, alls that, in certain cases, c, an be used
in lieu of the wireles: s providers', voice service, as, well as altern, ative me, ans of accessing v, ideo content. In addition, w, e expect to
see increasing com: petition in th, e provisioning of i, nternet access, by low, Earth orbit satellite, companies as well in the a, rea of fixed
wireless offerings th: at provide a, n alternative to tra, ditional landlin, e intern, et service provider, s.
With respect to wi: reless servi, ces and equipme, nt, pricing pl, ays an, increasingly impor, tant role in the wireless, competitive
landscape. We com: pete in this, area by offering o, ur customers, services, and devices that, we believe they will regard, as the best
available value for: the price. A, s the demand for, wireless servi, ces con, tinues to grow, wir, eless service providers ar, e offering a
range of service pl: ans at com, petitive prices. Th, ese service o, fferings, will vary from tim, e to time based on custo, mer needs,
technology changes: and marke, t conditions and m, ay be provide, d as sta, ndard plans or as, part of limited time promot, ional offers.
In addition, aggres: sive device, promotions have, become mor, e comm, on in an effort to, gain a greater share of, subscribers
interested in changi: ng carriers, as well as retaining, existing cust, omers.
We expect future s: ervice reve, nue growth oppor, tunities to aris, e from, increased access, revenue as customer dem, and for 5G
connectivity continu: es to expan, d and customers, shift to highe, r access, plans, driven in p, art by attractive bundled, content with
premium brands, a: s well as f, rom increased co, nnections per, accoun, t. Future service, revenue growth opportun, ities will be
dependent on expa: nding the pe, netration of our se, rvices, increa, sing the, number of ways th, at our customers can conn, ect with our
networks and servic: es and the, development of n, ew ecosystem, s. We an, d other wireless s, ervice providers, as well as, equipment
manufacturers, offe: r device pa, yment options, wh, ich provide c, ustomer, s with the ability to, pay for their device over, a period of
time, and some pro: viders offer, device leasing arra, ngements.
Current and potenti: al competito, rs in the wireline, service marke, t includ, e cable companies, , wireless service provider, s, domestic
and foreign telecom: munication, s providers, satelli, te television c, ompanie, s, internet service, providers, over-the-top pr, oviders and
other companies th: at offer netw, ork services and, managed ente, rprise s, olutions. We also f, ace increasing competition, from other
providers of VoIP se: rvices as w, ell as internet port, al providers.
In addition, compa: nies with a, global presence a, re increasingl, y comp, eting with us in o, ur wireline services. A rela, tively small
number of telecom: munications, and integrated se, rvice provider, s with gl, obal operations se, rve customers in the globa, l enterprise
market and, to a le: sser extent, , the global whole, sale market., We com, pete with these pr, oviders for large contract, s to provide
integrated solutions: to global e, nterprises and go, vernment cust, omers., Many of these com, panies have strong marke, t presence,
brand recognition a: nd existing c, ustomer relations, hips, all of whi, ch contr, ibute to intensifying, competition that may affe, ct our future
Despite this challen: ging environ, ment, we expect t, hat we will be, able to, grow key aspects o, f our wireline services. We, continue to
provide network re: liability and, offer products,, which include, fiber-op, tic internet acces, s, several video services,, and voice
services. Further, w: e will conti, nue to offer our, business and, governm, ent customers a, converged-enterprise envi, ronment for
voice and data serv: ices as well, as more robust IP, products and, service, s, and advance our, IoT strategies by leveragi, ng business
models that monetiz: e usage on, our networks at th, e connectivity, , platfor, m and solution laye, rs.
We will also contin: ue to focus, on cost efficienci, es to allow u, s to hav, e flexibility to adju, st to changes in the com, petitive and
economic environm: ents and inc, rease shareholde, r value.
Macroeconomic: Environm, ent
In 2022, as a result: of the inflat, ionary environmen, t in the U.S.,, we expe, rienced increases, in our direct costs, includin, g electricity
and other energy-r: elated costs, for our network, operations, an, d trans, portation and labo, r costs, as well as increa, sed interest
expenses related to: rising inter, est rates. We beli, eve that this in, flationar, y environment and, the resulting decline in re, al wages in
the U.S. are alterin: g consumer, preferences, and, causing certa, in cons, umers to become, more price conscious. We, expect the
inflationary environ: ment and th, e resulting pressu, res to continu, e in 20, 23. For a discussi, on of the risks relating to, unfavorable
economic condition: s and inflatio, n to our business,, refer to Item, 1A Risk, Factors.
2023 Connection: Trends
In our Consumer se: gment, we, expect to continue, to attract ne, w custo, mers and maintain, high-quality retail postpaid, customers,
capitalizing on dem: and for data, services and prov, iding our cust, omers n, ew ways of using w, ireless services in their da, ily lives. We
expect that future c: onnection g, rowth will be drive, n by FWA, as, well as, smartphones, tabl, ets and other connected d, evices such
as wearables. We: believe the, combination of, our wireless n, etwork, performance and, service offerings provides, a superior
Verizon 2022 Annua: l Report on, Form 10-K, 3, 6
