Page 10, Table 1
In a: ddi, tion to these co, mpetitive factors, and trends, o, ur competitiv, e position also, depends on o, ur ability to, market, our products
and: sim, plicity with user, interfaces that h, ave a consum, er-like "look, and feel" are, becoming key, differentiators, for cu, stomers who
capit: al, resources.
Com: pa, nies with a glob, al presence are, increasingly c, ompeting w, ith us in our B, usiness segme, nt. A relative, ly sma, ll number of
telec: om, munications an, d integrated servi, ce providers, with global o, perations serve, customers in t, he global ent, erprise, market and,
to a: le, sser extent, the, global wholesal, e market. We, compete w, ith these prov, iders for large, contracts to, provid, e integrated
solut: io, ns to global ent, erprises and gov, ernment cust, omers. Man, y of these co, mpanies have, strong mark, et pres, ence, brand
reco: gn, ition and existin, g customer relati, onships, all, of which con, tribute to inte, nsifying compe, tition that m, ay affe, ct our future
reve: nu, e growth.
In th: e, Global Enterpris, e and Public Sect, or and Other, markets, co, mpetition level, s remain high,, primarily as a, result, of increased
are: see, king full life-cyc, le offers that sim, plify the proce, ss of startin, g, running and, growing their, businesses., Several, major cable
oper: ato, rs also offer bun, dles with wireles, s services thr, ough strateg, ic relationships, .
indu: str, y focus on tech, nology converge, nce. We com, pete in thi, s area with sy, stem integrato, rs, carriers,, and h, ardware and
softw: ar, e providers. In a, ddition, some of t, he largest inf, ormation tec, hnology servic, es companies a, re making st, rategic, acquisitions,
dive: stin, g non-strategic, assets and forgi, ng new allian, ces to impr, ove their cost, structure. Many, new allianc, es and, acquisitions
have: fo, cused on emer, ging fields, such a, s cloud comp, uting, softw, are defined ne, tworking, comm, unication ap, plicatio, ns and other
com: pet, itors for this bus, iness opportunity.
Our: W, holesale busine, ss competes with, traditional ca, rriers for lo, ng-haul, voice, and IP service, s. In addition, , mobi, le video and
data: n, eeds are drivin, g a greater need, for wireless, backhaul., Network provi, ders, cable co, mpanies and, niche, players are
Re: gu, latory Trends
Reg: ul, atory Landsc, ape
Veriz: on, 2022 Annual R, eport on Form 10, -K, 10
regu: lat, ory constraints, than Verizon. Fo, r many servic, es offered, by Verizon, th, e FCC is our p, rimary regul, ator. T, he FCC has
juris: dic, tion over interst, ate telecommunic, ations service, s and other, matters under, the Communic, ations Act of, 1934,, as amended
(Co: mm, unications Act o, r Act). Other Veriz, on services a, re subject to, state and loca, l regulation.
