Page 89, Table 1
Y: ears Ended Dece, mber 31,, 2022, 2021
O: n March 31, 2022, , we elected to de-desig, nate our cross, currency, swaps as cas, h flow hedges, and re-desi, gnated th, ese swaps
T: he following table, displays the amounts r, ecorded in Lon, g-term de, bt in our cons, olidated bala, nce sheets re, lated to, cumulative
ba: sis adjustments, for fair value hedges., The cumulativ, e amount, s exclude cum, ulative basis, adjustment, s related, to foreign
ex: pense, which are, primarily offset by chan, ges in the fair v, alue of th, e hedged debt, due to chang, es in interest, rates.
A: t December 31,, 2022, 2021
C: hanges in the fa, ir value of cross curre, ncy swaps attri, butable t, o time value, and cross cur, rency basis, spread, are initially
o: f the hedged liabi, lities, (4,512), (113)
a: ccounting has be, en discontinued, 488, 575
In: addition to the p, reviously mentioned cro, ss currency sw, aps, we, have executed, additional cro, ss currency, swaps to, exchange
W: e have entered i, nto forward starting inter, est rate swaps, designat, ed as cash flo, w hedges in o, rder to mana, ge our e, xposure to
pa: y variable rates,, resulting in a net increas, e or decrease t, o Interest, expense. The, se swaps are, designated a, s fair val, ue hedges
an: d hedge against, interest rate risk exposu, re of designate, d debt iss, uances. We re, cord the intere, st rate swap, s at fair v, alue in our
co: mprehensive inc, ome (loss) related to cas, h flow hedges., See Note, 14 for addition, al information, .
Br: itish Pound Sterli, ng, Euro, Swiss Franc,, Canadian Dollar, and Aust, ralian Dollar-d, enominated c, ash flows into, U.S. do, llars and to
fix: our cash payme, nts in U.S. dollars, as w, ell as to mitigat, e the imp, act of foreign, currency trans, action gains, or losses, . A portion
of: the loss recogni, zed in Other comprehe, nsive income (l, oss) was, reclassified to, Interest expe, nse to offset, the rela, ted pre-tax
fo: reign currency tra, nsaction gain or loss on, the underlying, hedged it, em.
as: fair value hedge, s. For these hedges, we, have elected t, o exclude, the change in, fair value of t, he cross curr, ency sw, aps related
to: both time value, and cross currency basis, spread from th, e assess, ment of hedge, effectiveness, (the exclude, d compo, nents). The
in: terest rate chang, es on future forecasted, transactions. W, e hedge, our exposure t, o the variabili, ty in future c, ash flow, s based on
ov: er the remaining, life of the hedging instr, uments. We es, timate th, at $109 million, will be amorti, zed into Inte, rest expe, nse within
th: e expected matu, rities of the related for, ecasted debt is, suance., We recognize, gains and lo, sses resultin, g from in, terest rate
E: uro-denominated, cash flows into U.S. do, llars to fix our, cash pay, ments in U.S., dollars. Thes, e swaps are, designa, ted as fair
va: lue hedges. We, record the cross curren, cy swaps at fa, ir value i, n our consolid, ated balance, sheets as a, ssets an, d liabilities.
pr: esent exchange, gains and losses from t, he conversion, of foreign, currency den, ominated deb, t as a part o, f Interes, t expense.
D: uring the year en, ded December 31, 2022,, these amounts, complet, ely offset each, other and no, net gain or lo, ss was re, corded.
re: corded to Other, comprehensive income, (loss). Unreali, zed gains, or losses on, excluded co, mponents are, recorde, d in Other
ac: crual over the lif, e of the hedging instrum, ent. The amoun, t remaini, ng in Accumul, ated other co, mprehensive, loss relat, ed to cash
flo: w hedges on the, date of transition will b, e reclassified to, earnings, when the hed, ged item is r, ecognized in, earnings, or when it
be: comes probable, that the forecasted trans, actions will not, occur. D, uring the year, ended Decem, ber 31, 2022, , the amo, rtization of
F: orward Starting I, nterest Rate Swaps
m: ovements in Othe, r comprehensive incom, e (loss).
