Page 13, Table 1
We: make availab, le, free of c, harge on our, website, our ann, ual reports on F, orm 10-K, qu, arterly reports on, Form 10, -Q, current
nece: ssary to con, duct our bus, iness. We acti, vely pursue the, filing and registra, tion of patent, s, copyrights, trad, emarks a, nd domain
nam: es to protect, our intelle, ctual property, rights within th, e United States, and abroad., We also actively, grant l, icenses, in
exch: ange for roya, lties or othe, r payments. W, e also periodica, lly receive notice, s alleging tha, t our products or, services, infringe on
that: enable them, to utilize c, ertain of our i, ntellectual prope, rty rights and pr, oprietary tech, nology as part of, their pr, oducts and
serv: ices. Such lic, enses enab, le the license, es to take advan, tage of Verizon's, brands and, the results of Veri, zon’s re, search and
deve: lopment effo, rts. While th, ese licenses r, esult in valuable, consideration fo, r Verizon, we, do not believe th, at the lo, ss of such
cons: ideration, or t, he expiratio, n of any of our, intellectual prop, erty rights, would, have a mater, ial effect on our re, sults of, operations.
third: -party patent, s or other in, tellectual prop, erty rights. Thes, e claims, whethe, r against us d, irectly or against, third-part, y suppliers
of pr: oducts or se, rvices that w, e sell to our, customers, if su, ccessful, could r, equire us to p, ay damages or ro, yalties,, rebrand, or
ceas: e offering the, relevant pro, ducts or servi, ces.
Info: rmation on, Our Inter, net Website
See: Part III, Item, 10. "Direc, tors, Executiv, e Officers and, Corporate Gove, rnance" of th, is Annual Report, on For, m 10-K for
infor: mation for inv, estors on o, ur website, incl, uding news and, announcements, regarding our, financial performa, nce, info, rmation on
repo: rts and other, information, are also ava, ilable on the S, EC's website at, https://www.se, c.gov. We period, ically pr, ovide other
prac: ticable after s, uch reports, are electronic, ally filed with or f, urnished to the S, ecurities and, Exchange Commi, ssion (S, EC). These
envi: ronmental, s, ocial and c, orporate gove, rnance matters,, and details rela, ted to our a, nnual meeting of, shareh, olders. We
enco: urage invest, ors, the med, ia, our custom, ers, business p, artners and other, stakeholders, to review the info, rmation, we post on
this: channel. Web, site referen, ces in this rep, ort are provided, as a convenienc, e and do not, constitute, and sh, ould not, be viewed
as, i: ncorporation, by referenc, e of the inform, ation contained, on, or available, through, the, websites. Therefor, e, such, information
shou: ld not be con, sidered part, of this report.
Ca: utionary Sta, tement C, oncerning F, orward-Lookin, g Statements
In th: is report we h, ave made fo, rward-looking, statements. The, se statements ar, e based on o, ur estimates and a, ssumptio, ns and are
subj: ect to risks an, d uncertaint, ies. Forward-l, ooking statemen, ts include the info, rmation conc, erning our possibl, e or assu, med future
resu: lts of operatio, ns. Forward, -looking state, ments also includ, e those precede, d or followed, by the words "anti, cipates,", "believes,"
"esti: mates," "exp, ects," "forec, asts," "hopes,", "plans" or simila, r expressions. F, or those state, ments, we claim t, he prote, ction of the
safe: harbor for fo, rward-lookin, g statements, contained in the, Private Securitie, s Litigation R, eform Act of 199, 5. We un, dertake no
oblig: ation to revis, e or publicly, release the re, sults of any revi, sion to these forw, ard-looking s, tatements, except, as requi, red by law.
Give: n these risks, and uncerta, inties, readers, are cautioned n, ot to place undue, reliance on s, uch forward-lookin, g statem, ents.
The: following imp, ortant factor, s, along with t, hose discussed e, lsewhere in this, report and in, other filings with th, e SEC,, could affect
futur: e results and, could cause, those results, to differ material, ly from those exp, ressed in the, forward-looking st, atements, :
