Page 43, Table 1
Employer Contr: ibutions
We operate num: erous q, ualified and n, onqualified pens, ion plans an, d other postr, etirement b, enefit plans. These pl, ans primarily
relate to our dom: estic bu, siness units., We made no disc, retionary con, tribution to ou, r qualified p, ension plan in either 2, 022 or 2021.
During 2022 and: 2021, w, e made contri, butions of $53 m, illion and $5, 8 million to ou, r nonqualifie, d pension plans, respe, ctively.
Our overall inves: tment st, rategy is to a, chieve a mix of a, ssets that al, lows us to me, et projected, benefit payments whi, le taking into
consideration ris: k and re, turn. In an ef, fort to reduce th, e risk of our, portfolio strat, egy and be, tter align assets with, liabilities, we
have adopted a: liability, driven pensio, n strategy that s, eeks to bett, er match the, interest rate, sensitivity of the liab, ility hedging
assets with the i: nterest ra, te sensitivity, of the liability. W, e expect that, the strategy, will reduce th, e likelihood that asset, s will decline
at a time when li: abilities i, ncrease (refer, red to as liability, hedging), wi, th the goal to, reduce the r, isk of underfunding to, the plan and
its participants a: nd bene, ficiaries. Ove, r time, as the a, sset allocati, on shifts to m, ore liability, hedging assets, this, strategy will
generally result: in lower, expected as, set returns. In 2, 023, we exp, ect discretion, ary qualified, pension plan contrib, utions to be
approximately $2: 00 millio, n and nonqua, lified pension pl, an contributio, ns to be insig, nificant.
Contributions to: our othe, r postretirem, ent benefit plans, generally re, late to payme, nts for ben, efits on an as-incurred, basis since
these other post: retireme, nt benefit pla, ns do not have, funding requ, irements simil, ar to the pe, nsion plans. We cont, ributed $692
million and $885: million, to our other, postretirement b, enefit plans, in 2022 and, 2021, respe, ctively. Contributions, to our other
postretirement b: enefit pla, ns are estima, ted to be approx, imately $820, million in 202, 3.
Leasing Arran: gemen, ts
See Note 6 to th: e consoli, dated financia, l statements for, additional inf, ormation relat, ed to leasing, arrangements.
We guarantee t: he debe, ntures of our, operating telep, hone compa, ny subsidiari, es. See No, te 7 to the consolida, ted financial
statements for a: dditional, information.
In connection w: ith the, execution of, agreements for, the sale of, businesses, and investm, ents, Verizon ordina, rily provides
representations: and war, ranties to the, purchasers pe, rtaining to a, variety of no, nfinancial m, atters, such as owne, rship of the
securities being: sold, as, well as financi, al losses. See N, ote 16 to the, consolidated, financial stat, ements for additional i, nformation.
As of December: 31, 202, 2, letters of c, redit totaling ap, proximately, $834 million,, which were, executed in the norm, al course of
business and su: pport sev, eral financing, arrangements a, nd payment, obligations to, third parties, , were outstanding. Se, e Note 16 to
the consolidated: financial, statements f, or additional infor, mation.
Other Future: Obligati, ons
During 2022, Ve: rizon en, tered into fou, r renewable en, ergy purchas, e agreements, (REPAs) w, ith third parties, in a, ddition to 20
signed in previo: us years., See Note 16, to the consolida, ted financial, statements fo, r additional, information. Under the, REPAs, we
plan to purchase: up to an, aggregate o, f approximately 3, .0 gigawatts, of capacity a, cross multipl, e states, including Ari, zona, Illinois,
Indiana, Iowa, M: aryland,, Nebraska, Ne, w York, North Ca, rolina, Ohio,, Oklahoma, P, ennsylvania, , Texas and West Virgi, nia.
Critical Acco: unting E, stimates a, nd Recently Is, sued Acco, unting Stan, dards
Critical Accou: nting E, stimates
A summary of th: e critical, accounting es, timates used in, preparing ou, r financial stat, ements are, as follows:
Wireless Licens: es and, Goodwill
Wireless license: s and Go, odwill are a s, ignificant compo, nent of our, consolidated a, ssets. Both, our wireless licenses, and goodwill
are treated as in: definite-l, ived intangibl, e assets and, the, refore are n, ot amortized,, but rather ar, e tested for impairmen, t annually in
the fourth fiscal: quarter,, unless there a, re events requir, ing an earlie, r assessment, or changes, in circumstances durin, g an interim
period suggestin: g impair, ment indicator, s are present. W, e believe o, ur estimates a, nd assumpti, ons are reasonable a, nd represent
appropriate mar: ketplace, consideration, s as of the valu, ation date. A, lthough we u, se consisten, t methodologies in de, veloping the
assumptions and: estimat, es underlying, the fair value ca, lculations us, ed in our impa, irment tests, , these estimates and, assumptions
are uncertain by: nature,, may change, over time and c, an vary from, actual results, . It is possi, ble that in the future t, here may be
changes in our e: stimates, and assumpt, ions, including t, he timing an, d amount of fu, ture cash flo, ws, margins, growth r, ates, market
participant assu: mptions,, comparable, benchmark com, panies and, related multip, les and dis, count rates, which co, uld result in
different fair va: lue esti, mates. Signifi, cant and adver, se changes, to any one, or more of, the above-noted es, timates and
assumptions cou: ld result, in an impair, ment to our wire, less license, s and goodwil, l impairmen, t for one or more of, our reporting
