Page 60, Table 1
equipment), captive rei: nsurance arrangem, ents primarily relate, d to wireless, device insurance a, nd the interest, on equipment
financed under a device: payment plan agree, ment when sold to t, he customer b, y an authorized age, nt.
Nature of Products an: d Services
We offer wireless servic: es through a variety, of plans on a postp, aid or prepaid, basis. For wireless, service, we reco, gnize revenue
using an output method: , either as the serv, ice allowance units, are used or a, s time elapses, bec, ause it reflects t, he pattern by
which we satisfy our pe: rformance obligation, through the transfer, of service to, the customer. Month, ly service is gen, erally billed in
advance, which results: in a contract liabilit, y. See Note 2 for a, dditional infor, mation. For postpaid, plans, where m, onthly usage
exceeds the allowance,: the overage usage, represents options, held by the c, ustomer for increm, ental services an, d the usage-
based fee is recognized: when the customer, exercises the option, (typically on a, month-to-month ba, sis).
For our contracts relate: d to wireline commu, nication and connect, ivity services,, in general, fixed mo, nthly fees for ser, vice are billed
one month in advance,: which results in a co, ntract liability, and s, ervice revenu, e is recognized over, the enforceable, contract term
as the service is render: ed, as the customer, simultaneously rece, ives and cons, umes the benefits o, f the services thr, ough network
access and usage. Wh: ile substantially all, of our wireline servi, ce revenue c, ontracts are the res, ult of providing, access to our
networks, revenue from: services that are no, t fixed in amount and, , instead, are, based on usage are, generally billed i, n arrears and
recognized as the usag: e occurs.
We sell wireless device: s and accessories u, nder the Verizon bra, nd and other b, rands. Equipment re, venue is genera, lly recognized
when the products are: delivered to and acc, epted by the custom, er, as this is w, hen control passes, to the customer., In addition to
offering the sale of equi: pment on a standalo, ne basis, we have t, wo primary off, erings through which, customers pay, for a wireless
device, in connection wi: th a service contract, : fixed-term plans an, d device paym, ent plans.
Under a fixed-term plan: , the customer is sol, d the wireless device, without any u, pfront charge or at a, discounted pric, e in exchange
for entering into a fixed-: term service contrac, t (typically for a term, of 24 months, or less).
Under a device paymen: t plan, the custome, r is sold the wireless, device in ex, change for a non-int, erest-bearing ins, tallment note,
which is repaid by the: customer, typically, over a 36-month ter, m, and concu, rrently enters into, a month-to-mont, h contract for
wireless service. We m: ay offer certain prom, otions that provide, billing credits, applied over a speci, fied term, contin, gent upon the
customer maintaining: service. The credits, are included in th, e transaction, price, which are, allocated to the, performance
obligations based on th: eir relative selling pri, ce and are recognize, d when earne, d.
A financing component: exists in both our fix, ed-term plans and d, evice paymen, t plans because the, timing of the pa, yment for the
device, which occurs ov: er the contract term, , differs from the sat, isfaction of th, e performance oblig, ation, which occu, rs at contract
inception upon transfer: of the device to th, e customer. We pe, riodically ass, ess, at the contract, level, the signif, icance of the
financing component in: our existing wireles, s device payments, and fixed-ter, m contracts sold thr, ough the direct c, hannel is not
considerations related t: o our customer clas, ses. These consider, ations include, assessing the com, mercial objective, of our plans,
the term and duration of: financing provided,, interest rates prevai, ling in the ma, rketplace, and credit, risks of our cust, omer classes,
all of which impact our s: election of appropria, te discount rates. B, ased on curre, nt facts and circumst, ances, we deter, mined that the
significant and therefor: e is not accounted, for separately. See, Note 8 for ad, ditional information, on the interest, on equipment
financed on a device pa: yment plan agreeme, nt when sold to the, customer by a, n authorized agent i, n our indirect cha, nnel.
For our wireless contra: cts, total contract r, evenue, which repr, esents the tr, ansaction price for, wireless service, and wireless
equipment, is allocated: between service, and equipment reve, nue based o, n their estimated s, tandalone sellin, g prices. We
estimate the standalone: selling price of the, device or accessory, to be its retai, l price excluding sub, sidies or conditi, onal purchase
discounts. We estimate: the standalone selli, ng price of wireless, service to be, the price that we of, fer to customers, on month-to-
month contracts that ca: n be cancelled at an, y time without penalt, y (i.e., when t, here is no fixed-term, for service) or w, hen service is
procured without the co: ncurrent purchase o, f a wireless device. I, n addition, we, also assess whethe, r the service ter, m is impacted
by certain legally enforc: eable rights and obli, gations in our contra, ct with custom, ers, such as penalti, es that a custom, er would have
to pay to early termina: te a fixed-term con, tract or billing credi, ts that would, cease if the month, -to-month wirele, ss service is
canceled. The assessm: ent of these legally, enforceable rights a, nd obligations, involves judgment, and impacts our, determination
of the transaction price: and related disclosur, es.
From time to time, we m: ay offer certain prom, otions that provide, our customers, on device payment, plans with the rig, ht to upgrade
to a new device after p: aying a specified po, rtion of their device, payment plan, agreement amount, and trading in t, heir device in
good working order. We: account for this tra, de-in right as a guar, antee obligati, on. The full amount, of the trade-in rig, ht's fair value
Verizon 2022 Annual Re: port on Form 10-K, 6, 0
