Page 52, Table 1
Opinion on the Financia: l Statements
We have audited the acc: ompanying consolidated, balance sheets, of Verizon, Communications In, c. and subsidiarie, s (Verizon or
the Company) as of Dece: mber 31, 2022 and 2021,, the related con, solidated s, tatements of incom, e, comprehensive, income, cash
flows, and changes in eq: uity for each of the three, years in the pe, riod ended, December 31, 2022, , and the related n, otes and the
financial statement sched: ule listed in the Index at, Item 15(a) (coll, ectively refe, rred to as the "con, solidated financial, statements").
In our opinion, the conso: lidated financial stateme, nts present fair, ly, in all ma, terial respects, the, financial position, of Verizon at
December 31, 2022 and: 2021, and the results of it, s operations an, d its cash fl, ows for each of the, three years in the, period ended
December 31, 2022, in co: nformity with U.S. genera, lly accepted ac, counting pr, inciples.
We also have audited, in: accordance with the sta, ndards of the, Public Com, pany Accounting O, versight Board (U, nited States)
(PCAOB), Verizon’s inter: nal control over financial, reporting as of, December, 31, 2022, based o, n criteria establish, ed in Internal
Control-Integrated Frame: work issued by the Co, mmittee of Sp, onsoring O, rganizations of the, Treadway Comm, ission (2013
framework) and our repor: t dated February 10, 2023, expressed an, unqualified, opinion thereon.
These financial stateme: nts are the responsibility, of Verizon’s m, anagemen, t. Our responsibilit, y is to express a, n opinion on
Verizon’s financial statem: ents based on our audits., We are a publi, c accountin, g firm registered wi, th the PCAOB and, are required
to be independent with r: espect to Verizon in acc, ordance with t, he U.S. fed, eral securities law, s and the applica, ble rules and
regulations of the Securiti: es and Exchange Commi, ssion and the P, CAOB.
We conducted our audits: in accordance with the st, andards of the, PCAOB. Th, ose standards requi, re that we plan an, d perform the
audit to obtain reasonabl: e assurance about wheth, er the financial, statements, are free of materia, l misstatement, w, hether due to
error or fraud. Our aud: its included performing, procedures to, assess th, e risks of material, misstatement of, the financial
statements, whether due: to error or fraud, and pe, rforming proce, dures that, respond to those ri, sks. Such proced, ures included
examining, on a test basi: s, evidence regarding the, amounts and d, isclosures i, n the financial state, ments. Our audits, also included
evaluating the accountin: g principles used and sig, nificant estima, tes made, by management, as, well as evaluatin, g the overall
presentation of the financ: ial statements. We believ, e that our audits, provide a, reasonable basis for, our opinion.
The critical audit matters: communicated below are, matters arisin, g from the, current period audit, of the financial sta, tements that
were communicated or re: quired to be communicat, ed to the audit, committee, and that: (1) relate, to accounts or dis, closures that
are material to the finan: cial statements and (2), involved our e, specially c, hallenging, subjectiv, e or complex jud, gments. The
communication of critical: audit matters does not alt, er in any way o, ur opinion o, n the consolidated, financial statemen, ts, taken as a
whole, and we are not,: by communicating the c, ritical audit ma, tters below, , providing separat, e opinions on the, critical audit
matters or on the account: s or disclosures to which, they relate.
Description of the: The Company sponsor, s several pen, sion plans, and other post-e, mployment benef, it plans. At
Matter: December 31, 2022, the, Company’s ag, gregate de, fined benefit pensio, n obligation was, $15.3 billion
Verizon 2022 Annual Rep: ort on Form 10-K, 52
