Page 6, Table 1
optimize their b: usiness op, erations, mitigate bus, iness ris, ks and capit, alize, on data. These, ser, vices includ, e the followin, g:
• Netwo: rk Service, s. We offer a portfol, io of ne, twork conn, ectivi, ty products to, help, our custo, mers conne, ct with their
emplo: yees, part, ners, vendors, constitu, ents an, d customers, . The, se products inc, lude, IP-based v, oice and vid, eo services,
conne: ctions to th, eir end users and sub, scribers.
• Advan: ced Comm, unications Services., We offer, a suite of s, ervice, s to our custom, ers, to help the, m communic, ate with their
unifie: d communi, cations and collaborati, on tools, and custom, er co, ntact center so, lutio, ns.
• Secur: ity service, s. We offer a suite of, manage, ment and d, ata s, ecurity services, tha, t help our c, ustomers pr, otect, detect
and re: spond to s, ecurity threats to their, network, s, data, app, licati, ons and infrastr, uctu, re.
• Core: services., We provide a portf, olio of, domestic, and, global voice, and, data solut, ions utilizin, g traditional
teleco: mmunicati, ons technology, includ, ing voice, calling, me, ssag, ing services, co, nfer, encing, con, tact center s, olutions and
privat: e line and, data access networks, . Core s, ervices also, inclu, de the provisio, n of, customer p, remises eq, uipment, and
install: ation, main, tenance and site servi, ces.
• IoT s: ervices. W, e provide the networ, k access, required t, o deli, ver various Io, T pr, oducts and, services. W, e work with
comp: anies that, purchase network acc, ess from, us to conn, ect t, heir devices, b, undle, d together, with their o, wn solutions,
which: they sell t, o end users. We are b, uilding Io, T capabilitie, s by, leveraging busi, ness, models th, at monetize, usage on our
netwo: rks at the, connectivity, platform a, nd soluti, on layers.
Public Sector: and Other, offers wireless produc, ts and s, ervices as, well, as wireline con, necti, vity and m, anaged solu, tions to U.S.
federal, state: and local g, overnments and edu, cational, institutions., Thes, e services incl, ude, business s, ervices and, connectivity
similar to the p: roducts an, d services offered by G, lobal En, terprise, in, each, case, with feat, ures, and pricing, designed to, address the
needs of gove: rnments a, nd educational instituti, ons. In, 2022, Publi, c Sec, tor and Other, reve, nues were, $6.1 billion,, representing
approximately: 20% of Bu, siness’s total revenues, .
Public Sector a: nd Other, also includes solutions, that su, pport fleet t, rackin, g managemen, t, co, mpliance m, anagement,, field service
management,: asset track, ing and other types of, mobile r, esource ma, nage, ment in the U.S, . an, d around the, world.
Wholesale offe: rs wireline, communications ser, vices inc, luding data, , voic, e, local dial to, ne a, nd broadb, and services, primarily to
local, long dist: ance, and, wireless carriers tha, t use ou, r facilities t, o pro, vide services, to th, eir custom, ers. In 2022, , Wholesale
revenues were: $2.6 billio, n, representing appro, ximately, 8% of Bus, iness, ’s total revenue, s. A, portion of, Wholesale r, evenues are
generated by a: few large, telecommunications c, ompanie, s, most of w, hich, compete directl, y wit, h us. Whole, sale's servic, es include:
• Data: services., We offer a portfolio o, f data, services to, enha, nce our Whol, esale, customer, s’ networks, and provide
• Voice: services., We provide switched a, ccess s, ervices that, allow, carriers to co, mple, te their end, -user calls t, hat originate
or ter: minate wit, hin our territory. In add, ition, we, provide or, iginat, ing and termin, ating, voice serv, ices through, out the U.S.
and gl: obally utili, zing our time-division, multiplexi, ng and Voic, e ov, er Internet Prot, ocol, (VoIP) netw, orks.
• Local: services., We offer an array of loc, al dial to, ne and bro, adban, d services to c, omp, etitive local, exchange c, arriers, some
of whi: ch are off, ered to comply with te, lecomm, unications r, egula, tions. In additio, n, w, e offer serv, ices such a, s colocation,
resale: and unbu, ndled network element, s in com, pliance with, appl, icable regulatio, ns.
We use a com: bination of, direct, indirect and alt, ernative, distribution, chan, nels to market, and, distribute o, ur products, and services
to Consumer a: nd Busines, s customers.
Our direct cha: nnel, inclu, ding our company-op, erated s, tores, is a, core, component of, our, distribution, strategy. O, ur sales and
service centers: and busin, ess direct sales team, s also re, present sig, nifica, nt distribution c, han, nels for our, services. In, addition, we
have a robust d: igital chan, nel and omni-channel, as a par, t of the cust, omer, experience in, orde, r to offer ch, oice and con, venience.
Our indirect ch: annel inclu, des agents that sell o, ur wirel, ess and wir, eline, products and s, ervic, es at retail, locations th, roughout the
U.S., as well a: s through, the internet. The majo, rity of th, ese sales, are m, ade under exc, lusiv, e selling ar, rangements, with us. We
Verizon 2022 A: nnual Rep, ort on Form 10-K, 6
