Page 37, Table 1
valued retail p: ostpaid, connections. For, our prepaid, business, we e, xpect to continue, to opera, te in a comp, etitive, environment
while making in: vestme, nts to achieve long, -term succe, ss in this space.
We expect to c: ontinue, to grow our Fios i, nternet conn, ections as we se, ek to increase ou, r penetra, tion rates wit, hin our, Fios service
areas, further s: upporte, d by the demand, for higher s, peed internet co, nnections. At the, same tim, e, we expec, t acce, lerating fixed
wireless acces: s contri, butions. We expec, t that Fios,, through increas, ed penetration, w, ill also c, ontribute to r, evenue, growth and
video, the busi: ness co, ntinues to face ong, oing pressu, re as observed t, hroughout the line, ar televis, ion market., Given, these trends,
we provide sta: ndalone, Fios internet plans, in addition, to the choice of, Fios video or a str, eaming s, ervice provid, ed by a, partner. We
have experienc: ed cont, inuing access line, and DSL los, ses as custome, rs have disconnec, ted both, primary and, second, ary lines and
switched to alte: rnative, technologies such, as wireless,, Voice over Inte, rnet Protocol, and, cable for, voice and da, ta serv, ices.
In our Busines: s segme, nt, we offer wirele, ss products, and services to, business and go, vernmen, t customers, across, the U.S. We
continue to gro: w our, retail connections, while opera, ting in a highly, competitive envir, onment., We expect t, hat thi, s connection
growth, combin: ed with, our industry-leadi, ng network, assets, will prov, ide additional opp, ortunities, to sell solut, ions, s, uch as those
around security: , advan, ced communicatio, ns and profe, ssional services, . We also expect, to expan, d our existing, servic, es offered to
business custo: mers thr, ough our Intelligen, t Edge Netw, ork, our multi-u, se platform.
In addition, in: both ou, r Consumer and, our Busines, s segments, w, e expect to supp, ort conn, ection growth, in pa, rt by adding
capacity and fu: rther ex, panding our wirele, ss coverage, , and by continu, ing the build-out o, f our 5G, network.
2023 Operati: ng Exp, ense and Cash, Flow from, Operations T, rends
In our Consum: er seg, ment, we expect t, o see a con, tinuation of ser, vice revenue gro, wth in 20, 23 as custo, mers s, hift to higher
access plans w: ith add, itional services an, d increase, the number of, devices they conn, ect with, our network, s and, services. We
expect continu: ed grow, th in wireless ser, vice revenu, e, driven by mig, rations to higher, priced pl, ans, increas, es in fi, xed wireless
access connec: tions, a, nd the pricing acti, ons impleme, nted in the sec, ond quarter of 20, 22. We e, xpect Fios re, venue, to benefit in
2023 as growt: h in our, broadband custo, mer base a, nd increases in, demand for high, er speed, internet co, nnectio, ns offset the
impact of the s: hift from, the bundling of wi, reline servic, es to standalone, Internet service.
In our Business: segme, nt, we expect wire, less revenu, e to expand, driv, en by growth fro, m increas, es in wireles, s volum, es and fixed
legacy tradition: al wireli, ne services will co, ntinue to fac, e secular pressu, res.
We expect ou: r conso, lidated operating, income mar, gin and adjust, ed consolidated, EBITDA, margin to re, main s, trong as we
continue to dri: ve reve, nue growth and u, ndertake init, iatives to reduc, e our overall cos, t structur, e. We expec, t that, our ability to
generate cash: flows w, ill benefit from our, anticipated, reduction in cap, ital expenditures, as we re, ach the end, of our, dedicated C-
Band spending: progra, m, as well as our, actions to be, tter monetize ou, r assets which in, crease o, ur return on i, nveste, d capital. We
created the Ver: izon Gl, obal Services grou, p, an organi, zation that is ex, pected to drive effi, ciencies, by centralizin, g key f, unctions and
strategically de: livering, key services acros, s Verizon.
We create valu: e for o, ur shareholders by, investing th, e cash flows g, enerated by our b, usiness i, n opportuniti, es and, transactions
that support co: ntinued, profitable growth,, thereby inc, reasing custom, er satisfaction an, d usage, of our produ, cts and, services. In
addition, we h: ave use, d our cash flows, to maintain, and grow our, dividend payout, to share, holders. Our, Board, of Directors
increased the q: uarterly, dividend by 2.0%, during 202, 2, making this t, he sixteenth cons, ecutive y, ear in which, we ha, ve raised our
Our goal is to u: se our, cash to create lon, g-term value, for our shareho, lders. We will con, tinue to l, ook for inves, tment, opportunities
that will help us: to gro, w the business, str, engthen our, balance sheet,, acquire spectrum, licenses, (see "Cash F, lows fr, om Investing
Activities"), pay: divide, nds to our shareho, lders and, w, hen appropriat, e, buy back share, s of our, outstanding, commo, n stock (see
"Cash Flows fr: om Fina, ncing Activities").
Liquidity an: d Capit, al Resources
We use the ne: t cash, generated from ou, r operations, to fund expans, ion and moderniz, ation of, our networks, , servic, e and repay
external financ: ing, pa, y dividends, inves, t in new bu, sinesses and s, pectrum and, wh, en appro, priate, buy, back s, hares of our
outstanding co: mmon s, tock. Our sources, of funds, pri, marily from oper, ations and, to the, extent n, ecessary, fro, m exter, nal financing
arrangements,: are suff, icient to meet ongo, ing operatin, g and investing, requirements ove, r the next, 12 months a, nd bey, ond.
Our cash and: cash eq, uivalents balance, is $2.6 billio, n as of Decemb, er 31, 2022. Our, cash and, cash equiva, lents, are held both
domestically a: nd inter, nationally, and are, invested to, maintain princ, ipal and provide l, iquidity., See "Market, Risk", for additional
information reg: arding o, ur foreign currenc, y risk manag, ement strategie, s.
