Page 4, Table 1
Company, collectively,: Verizon), is o, ne of the w, orld’s leadin, g providers of, communication, s, technology, info, rmation and
entertainment products a: nd services to, consumers,, businesses, and government, entities. With a, presence around t, he world, we
offer data, video and voi: ce services an, d solutions o, n our networ, ks and platforms, that are desig, ned to meet custom, ers’ demand
for mobility, reliable netw: ork connectivit, y, security an, d control.
Our principal executive: offices are loc, ated at 1095, Avenue of, the Americas, N, ew York, New, York 10036 (teleph, one number
We have two reportabl: e segments t, hat we opera, te and man, age as strateg, ic business un, its - Verizon Cons, umer Group
(Consumer) and Verizon: Business Gro, up (Business), .
Verizon Consumer G: roup
Our Consumer segment: provides cons, umer-focused, wireless an, d wireline comm, unications serv, ices and products., Our wireless
services are provided ac: ross one of th, e most exten, sive wireless, networks in the, United States, (U.S.) under the Ve, rizon brand,
TracFone Wireless, Inc.: (TracFone) b, rands and th, rough whole, sale and other, arrangements., We also provide fi, xed wireless
access (FWA) broadban: d through our, wireless netw, orks. Our wir, eline services ar, e provided in ni, ne states in the Mid, -Atlantic and
Northeastern U.S., as we: ll as Washingt, on D.C., over, our 100% fi, ber-optic networ, k through our V, erizon Fios product, portfolio and
over a traditional copper-: based network, to customer, s who are no, t served by Fios, .
In 2022, the Consumer: segment’s re, venues were, $103.5 billio, n, representing, approximately, 76% of Verizon’s, consolidated
revenues. As of Decem: ber 31, 2022,, Consumer ha, d approxima, tely 115 million, wireless retail, connections, of wh, ich 80% are
postpaid connections (in: cluding FWA)., In addition, a, t December, 31, 2022 Consu, mer had approxi, mately 8 million tot, al broadband
connections (which inclu: des Fios intern, et, Digital Su, bscriber Line, (DSL) and FWA, connections),, and approximately, 3 million Fios
Verizon Business Gr: oup
Our Business segment: provides wire, less and wi, reline comm, unications servi, ces and produ, cts, including data, , video and
conferencing services, c: orporate netw, orking solutio, ns, security, and managed n, etwork services, , local and long di, stance voice
services and network ac: cess to deliver, various Inter, net of Things, (IoT) services, and products. W, e also provide FW, A broadband
through our wireless net: works. We pro, vide these pr, oducts and s, ervices to busin, esses, governm, ent customers and, wireless and
wireline carriers across t: he U.S. and se, lect products, and services, to customers ar, ound the world.
In 2022, the Business: segment's rev, enues were, $31.1 billio, n, representing, approximately, 23% of Verizon’s, consolidated
revenues. As of Dece: mber 31, 202, 2, Business, had approx, imately 29 mill, ion wireless re, tail postpaid conn, ections and
approximately 1 million to: tal broadband, connections, (which includ, es Fios internet, , DSL and FWA, connections).
Additional discussion of: our reportabl, e segments i, s included i, n Item 7. under, the headings, "Management’s Dis, cussion and
Analysis of Financial Co: ndition and Re, sults of Oper, ations - Over, view" and - "Se, gment Results o, f Operations" and i, n Note 13 to
the consolidated financia: l statements o, f Verizon Com, munications, Inc. and Subsid, iaries.
Service and Product: Offerings
Our Consumer segment': s wireless and, wireline pro, ducts and se, rvices are availa, ble to our retail, customers, as well, as resellers
that purchase wireless n: etwork access, from us on, a wholesale, basis. Our Busi, ness segment’s, wireless and wirel, ine products
and services are organiz: ed by the pri, mary custom, er groups tar, geted by these, offerings: Smal, l and Medium Busi, ness, Global
Enterprise, Public Sector: and Other, an, d Wholesale.
We offer wireless service: s and equipm, ent to both Co, nsumer cust, omers and Busi, ness customers, .
Our Consumer and Bus: iness segmen, ts provide a, wide variety, of wireless ser, vices accessibl, e on a broad range, of devices.
Customers can obtain o: ur wireless ser, vices on a p, ostpaid or pr, epaid basis. Ret, ail (non-wholes, ale) postpaid accou, nts primarily
represent retail customer: s that are dire, ctly served a, nd managed, by Verizon and, use Verizon bra, nded services. A si, ngle account
may include monthly wir: eless services, for a variety, of connected, devices. Our p, ostpaid service, is generally billed o, ne month in
Verizon 2022 Annual Rep: ort on Form 1, 0-K, 4
