Page 9, Table 1
Communications: Inc. and Subsi, diaries.
Competition a: nd Related T, rends
The telecommuni: cations industr, y is highly competitive. T, he rapid dev, elopment of, new techn, ologies, services an, d products has
eliminated many: of the traditio, nal distinctions among, wireless, cab, le, internet, and local, and long distance, communication
services and brou: ght new comp, etitors to our markets. W, e expect com, petition to re, main inten, se as traditional and, non-traditional
participants seek: increased mar, ket share.
With respect to o: ur wireline con, nectivity services, we c, ompete again, st cable com, panies, w, ireless service provi, ders, domestic
including AT&T In: c. and T-Mobi, le US, Inc., as well as v, arious regio, nal wireless s, ervice pro, viders. We also co, mpete for retail
activations with re: sellers that bu, y bulk wholesale service, from wireles, s service pro, viders, inc, luding Verizon, and, resell it to their
customers. Resel: lers include ca, ble companies, such as, Comcast C, orporation an, d Charter, Communications, In, c., and others.
Competition rema: ins intense as, a result of various factor, s, including h, igh rates of s, martphone, penetration in the w, ireless market,
increased networ: k investment, by our competitors, the, development, and deploy, ment of ne, w technologies, inc, luding 5G, the
introduction of n: ew products a, nd services, offerings t, hat include, additional bu, ndled pre, mium content, incre, ased levels of
promotions and s: ervice plan dis, counts, new market entr, ants, the avai, lability of add, itional lice, nsed and unlicense, d spectrum and
regulatory chang: es. In addition,, increasing government, incentives r, elated to net, work deplo, yment may enhanc, e the ability of
certain of our com: petitors to co, mpete with us. Competiti, on may also i, ncrease as s, maller, sta, nd-alone wireless se, rvice providers
merge or transfer: licenses to lar, ger, better capitalized w, ireless servic, e providers a, nd as MV, NOs resell wireless, communication
services. In additi: on, DISH Netw, ork Corporation has com, mitted to de, ploy a facilitie, s-based 5, G broadband netwo, rk in each of its
license areas cap: able of serving, at least 70% of the U.S, . population, by June 202, 3, which co, uld result in additio, nal competitive
pressures in the U: .S. wireless in, dustry.
We also face com: petition from o, ther communications an, d technology, companies s, eeking to i, ncrease their brand, recognition and
capture customer: revenue with r, espect to the provision, of wireless pr, oducts and s, ervices, in, addition to non-trad, itional offerings
in mobile data. F: or example,, Microsoft Corporation, Al, phabet Inc.,, Apple Inc.,, Meta Platf, orms, Inc. and othe, rs are offering
alternative mean: s for messagin, g and making wireless, voice calls t, hat, in certain, cases, c, an be used in lieu, of the wireless
providers' voice: service, as we, ll as alternative means, of accessing, video conte, nt. In addi, tion, we expect to, see increasing
competition in th: e provisioning, of internet access by lo, w Earth orbit, satellite com, panies as, well in the area o, f fixed wireless
offerings that prov: ide an alternat, ive to traditional landline, internet servi, ce providers.
and foreign teleco: mmunications, providers, satellite televi, sion compani, es, internet s, ervice prov, iders, over-the-top (, OTT) providers
and other compa: nies that offer, network services and m, anaged enter, prise solution, s. We als, o face increasing c, ompetition from
other providers o: f VoIP services, as well as internet por, tal providers., Cable opera, tors have, increased the size, and capacity of
their networks in: order to deliver, digital products and serv, ices. Severa, l major cable, operators, offer bundles with w, ireless services
through strategic: relationships. T, raditional wireless carrie, rs are also b, undling broad, band inter, net offerings with wi, reless services
while increasing t: heir broadband, internet footprint. Custo, mers have a, n increasing, number of, choices for obtainin, g video content
from various onlin: e services. W, e expect the market will, continue to s, hift from trad, itional line, ar video to OTT offe, rings. We also
expect customer: migration from, traditional voice service, s to wireless, services to, continue a, s a growing numbe, r of customers
place greater valu: e on mobility a, nd wireless companies p, osition their s, ervices as a, landline alt, ernative.
We believe that th: e following are, the most important com, petitive factor, s and trends, in the telec, ommunications ind, ustry:
• Network: reliability, spe, ed, capacity and coverag, e. We consid, er networks t, hat consis, tently provide high-q, uality, fast and
reliable: service to be a, key differentiator in the, market and d, river of custo, mer satisfa, ction. With the dev, elopment of 5G
technolo: gies, wireless, service providers are inc, reasingly foc, using their m, arketing ef, forts on network qua, lity, speed and
coverag: e, sometimes, directly targeting custom, ers of Verizo, n. In addition, , lower pr, ices, improved serv, ice quality and
new serv: ice offerings, w, hich in many cases incl, ude video con, tent, have le, d to increa, sed customer usage, of connectivity
services: . We and othe, r network-based provide, rs must ensu, re that our n, etworks c, an meet these incre, asing capacity
usage re: quirements an, d offer highly reliable nat, ional coverag, e.
• Pricing.: With respect t, o wireless services and, equipment, p, ricing plays, an increasi, ngly important role, in the wireless
competit: ive landscape., As the demand for wirel, ess services, continues to, grow, wirel, ess service provider, s are offering a
range of: service plans, at competitive prices. Ma, ny wireless s, ervice provid, ers also bu, ndle wireless servic, e offerings with
other co: ntent and offer, promotional pricing and, incentives, s, ome of which, may be ta, rgeted specifically t, o customers of
Verizon.: We and other, wireless service provide, rs, as well a, s equipment, manufactu, rers, offer device pa, yment options,
which pr: ovide custome, rs with the ability to pay, for their devi, ce over a pe, riod of tim, e, and some provid, ers offer device
leasing: arrangements., In addition, aggressive, device prom, otions have, become m, ore common in an, effort to gain a
greater s: hare of subsc, ribers interested in chan, ging carriers, as well as re, taining exi, sting customers. Pri, cing also plays
an impo: rtant role in t, he wireline competitive, landscape,, as traditional, service p, roviders compete, aggressively in
offerings: such as IP, Networking, Core Voice, and other le, gacy produc, ts. In add, ition, as non-traditi, onal modes of
providing: wireline com, munication services em, erge, new en, trants attem, pt to captu, re market share fr, om incumbents
