Page 44, Table 1
The carrying va: lue of our wireless, licenses was a, pproximately, $149.8 billio, n as, of December 31, 202, 2. We aggregate, our
wireless license: s is substantially in e, xcess of their c, arrying value, and, therefor, e, did, not result in an impair, ment. Our quantita, tive
nationwide wirel: ess network. Our wi, reless licenses, provide us w, ith the exclusi, ve rig, ht to utilize certain radi, o frequency spect, rum
to provide wirele: ss communication s, ervices. There, are currently, no legal, regu, latory, , contractual, competiti, ve, economic or o, ther
factors that limit: the useful life of our, wireless license, s.
We test our wire: less licenses for pot, ential impairme, nt annually o, r more freque, ntly if, impairment indicators, are present. We h, ave
the option to fir: st perform a qualitat, ive assessment, to determin, e whether it i, s nec, essary to perform a q, uantitative impairm, ent
test. However,: we may elect to b, ypass the qual, itative asses, sment in any, peri, od and proceed direc, tly to performing, the
quantitative imp: airment test. It is our, policy to perfor, m quantitativ, e impairment, asses, sment at least every th, ree years.
During the fourt: h quarter of 2021, w, e performed a q, uantitative im, pairment ass, essm, ent, which indicated th, at the fair value of, our
whether it is mo: re likely than not th, at the fair value, of our wirel, ess licenses, was le, ss than the carrying a, mount. As part of, our
qualitative asse: ssment we considere, d several factor, s including t, he business e, nterpr, ise value of our combin, ed wireless busin, ess,
macroeconomic: conditions (including, changes in int, erest rates a, nd discount ra, tes), i, ndustry and market co, nsiderations (inclu, ding
industry revenu: e and EBITDA marg, in results, proje, ctions and r, ecent merger, and a, cquisition activity), the, recent and proje, cted
financial perform: ance of our combi, ned wireless bu, siness as a, whole, as we, ll as, other factors including, the result of our, last
quantitative ass: essment. Our annua, l impairment te, st in 2022 in, dicated that i, t is m, ore likely than not tha, t the fair value of, our
impairment ass: essment consisted o, f comparing th, e estimated f, air value of o, ur ag, gregate wireless licens, es to the aggreg, ated
carrying amoun: t as of the test date, . Under our qu, antitative as, sessment, we, estim, ated the fair value of, our wireless licen, ses
using the Gree: nfield approach. Th, e Greenfield a, pproach is a, n income ba, sed v, aluation approach tha, t values the wire, less
licenses by calc: ulating the cash flo, w generating p, otential of a, hypothetical s, tart-u, p company that goes, into business with, no
assets except t: he wireless licenses, to be valued., A discounte, d cash flow, analys, is is used to estimate, what a marketpl, ace
participant woul: d be willing to pay t, o purchase the, aggregated, wireless licen, ses a, s of the valuation date., As a result, we w, ere
required to mak: e significant estimat, es about future, cash flows a, nd profitability, spec, ifically associated with, our wireless licen, ses,
an appropriate: discount rate based, on the risk as, sociated with, those estima, ted c, ash flows and assume, d terminal value, and
growth rates. W: e considered curre, nt and expecte, d future eco, nomic conditi, ons, c, urrent and expected a, vailability of wire, less
network technol: ogy and infrastructur, e and related e, quipment an, d the costs the, reof, as well as other relevan, t factors in estima, ting
future cash flow: s and profitability. Th, e discount rate, represented, our estimate o, f the, weighted-average cost, of capital (WACC, ), or
expected return: , that a marketplace, participant wo, uld have req, uired as of th, e valu, ation date. We develo, ped the discount, rate
based on our co: nsideration of the co, st of debt and e, quity of a gro, up of guidelin, e com, panies as of the valua, tion date. Accordin, gly,
our discount rat: e incorporated our, estimate of the, expected re, turn a marke, tplac, e participant would ha, ve required as of, the
valuation date,: including the risk pr, emium associa, ted with the, current and e, xpect, ed economic condition, s as of the valua, tion
date. The termin: al value growth rate, represented ou, r estimate of, the marketpla, ce’s l, ong-term growth rate.
At December 31: , 2022, the balance, of our goodwill, was approxi, mately $28.7, billion, , of which $21.1 billion, was in our Consu, mer
reporting unit an: d $7.5 billion was in, our Business re, porting unit.
To determine if: goodwill is potentially, impaired, we h, ave the optio, n to perform, a qual, itative assessment to d, etermine whether, it is
more likely than: not that the fair valu, e of a reporting, unit is less, than its carryi, ng va, lue. If we elect not to c, onduct the qualita, tive
assessment or i: f indications of a po, tential impairme, nt exist, the, determination, of w, hether an impairment, has occurred requ, ires
the fair value of: each reporting unit t, o be assessed., It is our polic, y to perform q, uantit, ative impairment asses, sments at least e, very
Under the qualit: ative assessment, w, e consider seve, ral factors, i, ncluding the b, usine, ss enterprise value of t, he reporting unit f, rom
the last quantita: tive test and the ex, cess of fair val, ue over carr, ying value fro, m thi, s test, macroeconomic, conditions (inclu, ding
changes in inte: rest rates and disc, ount rates), ind, ustry and m, arket conside, ration, s (including industry, revenue and EBI, TDA
margin results,: projections and rece, nt merger and, acquisition, activity), the r, ecent, and projected financi, al performance of, the
reporting unit, a: s well as other factor, s.
Under the quan: titative assessment,, the fair value o, f the reportin, g unit is calc, ulated, using a market appro, ach and a discou, nted
cash flow meth: od, as a form of th, e income appr, oach. The m, arket approa, ch in, cludes the use of com, parative multiple, s to
complement dis: counted cash flow re, sults. The disc, ounted cash, flow method i, s bas, ed on the present valu, e of two compone, nts-
projected cash: flows and a termina, l value. The te, rminal value, represents t, he ex, pected normalized fut, ure cash flows of, the
reporting unit be: yond the cash flows, from the discr, ete projectio, n period. The, fair v, alue of the reporting un, it is calculated ba, sed
on the sum of t: he present value of, the cash flows, from the di, screte period, and t, he present value of th, e terminal value., The
discount rate re: presented our estim, ate of the WAC, C, or expecte, d return, that, a ma, rketplace participant w, ould have require, d as
of the valuation: date. The applicatio, n of our goodwi, ll impairment, test required, key, assumptions underlying, our valuation mo, del.
Verizon 2022 An: nual Report on Form, 10-K, 44
