Page 7, Table 1
convenience store ch: ains that sell our, wireless prepaid, products and, services.
In addition to our dir: ect channel, ou, r Business segm, ent has ad, ditional distr, ibution, channels th, at include, business solution
fulfillment provided b: y resellers, no, n-stocked device, fulfillment, performed, by distri, butors and, integrated, mobility services
provided by system in: tegrators and re, sellers.
Global Network a: nd Technolog, y
Our global network ar: chitecture is use, d by Consumer a, nd Business, . Our netwo, rk techn, ology platfor, ms include, both wireless and
We are transforming: the architecture, of our network, s into our In, telligent Ed, ge Net, work, provid, ing impro, ved efficiency and
virtualization, increas: ed automation a, nd opportunities, for edge co, mputing ser, vices th, at will supp, ort our fibe, r-based and radio
access network tech: nologies. We e, xpect that this n, ew architect, ure will sim, plify op, erations by, eliminatin, g legacy network
elements, speed the: deployment of, fifth-generation (, 5G) wireless, technology, and cr, eate new o, pportunitie, s in the business
market in a cost-effic: ient manner. As, a part of our evo, lution, we re, tired our thi, rd-gene, ration (3G), network in, 2022. As a result,
approximately 909 th: ousand wireless, retail postpaid co, nnections, in, cluding 392, thousa, nd wireless, postpaid p, hone connections,
and 237 thousand ret: ail prepaid conne, ctions, were rem, oved from th, e customer, base.
Over the past severa: l years, we hav, e been leading, the developm, ent of 5G, wireless, technolog, y industry, standards and the
ecosystems for fixed: and mobile 5G, wireless service, s. 5G techno, logy enable, s highe, r throughpu, t and lowe, r latency than the
fourth-generation (4G: ) LTE technolog, y and allows ou, r networks t, o handle m, ore traf, fic as the n, umber of, internet-connected
We provide 5G wirel: ess service utili, zing millimeter w, ave spectru, m and othe, r spectr, um bands,, some of w, hich use dynamic
spectrum sharing (DS: S) technology. I, n January 2022,, we began de, ploying C-B, and spe, ctrum, whic, h has bee, n built out to cover
approximately 189 mi: llion POPs in the, U.S. as of Dece, mber 31, 202, 2. We expe, ct to con, tinue deplo, ying C-Ban, d spectrum across
the continental U.S.: as more and m, ore of the spect, rum become, s available, for our, use. Our F, WA broad, band service also
leverages the 5G net: work and our exp, anding C-Band f, ootprint, in ad, dition to ou, r 4G FW, A offering.
The wireless network: technology platf, orm that carries t, he majority of, our wireles, s traffic, is 4G LTE., As of Dece, mber 31, 2022, our
4G LTE network cove: rs approximately, 328 million POP, s, including, those in are, as serv, ed by our L, TE in Rural, America partners.
Under this program, w: e have collabor, ated with wireless, carriers in r, ural areas to, build a, nd operate, a 4G LTE n, etwork using each
carrier’s network ass: ets with our core, 4G LTE equipm, ent and 700, Megahertz, (MHz) C, Block and, Advanced, Wireless Services
(AWS) spectrum. LTE: Home Internet,, our home broadb, and internet, service leve, rages th, e Verizon 4, G LTE netw, ork.
Wireless Network: Reliability and, Build-Out
We consider the relia: bility, speed, cap, acity and coverag, e of our wire, less networ, k to be k, ey factors f, or our cont, inued success. We
believe that steady an: d consistent net, work and platform, investment, s provide th, e founda, tion for inno, vative pro, ducts and services.
As we design and de: ploy our network, , we focus on th, e number of, successful, data ses, sions the n, etwork ena, bles, delivering on
our advertised throug: hput speeds, an, d the number of, calls that are, connected, on the f, irst attempt, and compl, eted without being
dropped. We utilize t: hree strategies, to maintain the, quality of ou, r network: i, ncreasin, g the dens, ity of our, network elements,
deploying new techno: logies as they ar, e developed and, putting addit, ional wirele, ss spect, rum into ser, vice.
We have been densif: ying our networ, k by utilizing sm, all cell techn, ology, in-bui, lding so, lutions and, distributed, antenna systems.
Network densification: enables us to a, dd capacity to ad, dress increa, sing mobile, video c, onsumption, and the g, rowing demand for
IoT products and se: rvices on our 4, G LTE and 5G, networks. W, e are also, utilizing, existing n, etwork cap, abilities to handle
increased traffic with: out interrupting t, he quality of the, customer ex, perience. W, e conti, nue to depl, oy advanc, ed technologies to
increase both network: capacity and da, ta rates.
In order to build and: upgrade our exis, ting 4G LTE netw, ork and depl, oy our 5G n, etwork,, we must se, cure rights, to a large number
of sites and obtain zo: ning and other g, overnmental appr, ovals and fib, er facilities, for our m, acro and s, mall cells, i, n-building systems
and antennas and rel: ated radio equip, ment that compri, se distributed, antenna sy, stems., We have rel, ationships, with a wide variety
of vendors that supp: ly various prod, ucts and service, s that supp, ort our wir, eless ne, twork oper, ations. We, utilize tower site
management firms as: lessors or mana, gers of a portion, of our existin, g leased an, d owne, d tower sites, .
Our networks in the U: .S. include vario, us elements of r, edundancy d, esigned to, enhance, the reliabili, ty of the s, ervices provided to
our customers. To mit: igate the impact, of power disrupti, ons on our o, perations, w, e have, battery back, up at ever, y switch and every
macro cell. We also u: tilize backup gen, erators at a majo, rity of our m, acro cells an, d at eve, ry switch lo, cation. In a, ddition, we have a
