Page 59, Table 1
Verizon Communicati: ons Inc. and, Subsidiaries
Note 1. Description: of Busines, s and Summ, ary of Signific, ant Accou, nting Polic, ies
Description of Busin: ess
Verizon Communication: s Inc. (the, Company) is, a holding compa, ny that, act, ing through, its subsidiaries (to, gether with the
Company, collectively,: Verizon), is, one of the, world’s leading p, roviders of, communicat, ions, technology, i, nformation and
entertainment products: and services, to consumers, , businesses and, governmen, t entities. Wit, h a presence aroun, d the world, we
offer data, video and vo: ice services, and solutions, on our networks a, nd platform, s that are de, signed to meet cust, omers’ demand
or mobility, reliable netw: ork connecti, vity, security a, nd control.
We have two reportab: le segments, that we ope, rate and manag, e as strateg, ic business, units - Verizon Co, nsumer Group
(Consumer) and Verizon: Business Gr, oup (Business, ).
Our Consumer segment: provides co, nsumer-focuse, d wireless and w, ireline com, munications s, ervices and produc, ts. Our wireless
services are provided a: cross one of, the most exte, nsive wireless ne, tworks in th, e United Stat, es (U.S.) under the, Verizon brand,
TracFone Wireless, Inc: . (TracFone), brands and t, hrough wholesal, e and other, arrangemen, ts. We also provide, fixed wireless
access (FWA) broadban: d through ou, r wireless netw, orks. Our wirelin, e services a, re provided in, nine states in the, Mid-Atlantic and
Northeastern U.S., as w: ell as Washin, gton D.C., ov, er our 100% fiber-, optic netwo, rk through ou, r Verizon Fios prod, uct portfolio and
over a traditional copp: er-based net, work to custo, mers who are no, t served by, Fios. Our, Consumer segment, 's wireless and
wireline products and s: ervices are a, vailable to our, retail customers,, as well as, resellers that, purchase wireless, network access
rom us on a wholesale: basis.
Our Business segment: provides w, ireless and w, ireline communi, cations serv, ices and pr, oducts, including d, ata, video and
conferencing services,: corporate net, working soluti, ons, security and, managed, network servi, ces, local and long, distance voice
services and network ac: cess to deliv, er various Inte, rnet of Things (Io, T) services, and products, . We also provide F, WA broadband
hrough our wireless net: works. We p, rovide these p, roducts and servi, ces to busin, esses, gover, nment customers a, nd wireless and
wireline carriers across t: he U.S. and, select product, s and services to, customers a, round the wo, rld.
The method of accounti: ng applied to, investments,, whether consolid, ated or equi, ty, involves a, n evaluation of all s, ignificant terms
of the investments that: explicitly gra, nt or sugges, t evidence of co, ntrol or influ, ence over th, e operations of the, investee. The
consolidated financial s: tatements in, clude our cont, rolled subsidiarie, s, as well a, s variable in, terest entities (VIE), where we are
deemed to be the prim: ary beneficia, ry. For contro, lled subsidiaries, that are not, wholly-owne, d, the noncontrollin, g interests are
ncluded in Net income: and Total e, quity. Investm, ents in business, es that we, do not contro, l, but have the ab, ility to exercise
significant influence ove: r operating a, nd financial po, licies, are accoun, ted for usin, g the equity, method. Equity meth, od investments
are included in Investm: ents in unc, onsolidated b, usinesses in our, consolidate, d balance s, heets. All significan, t intercompany
accounts and transactio: ns have been, eliminated.
Basis of Presentatio: n
We have reclassified ce: rtain prior yea, r amounts to, conform to the cu, rrent year pr, esentation.
We prepare our financia: l statements, using U.S. ge, nerally accepted, accounting, principles (G, AAP), which require, s management
o make estimates and: assumptions, that affect rep, orted amounts a, nd disclosur, es. These es, timates and assum, ptions take into
account historical and f: orward-looki, ng factors tha, t the Company b, elieves are, reasonable,, including but not li, mited to public
health crises, such as t: he COVID-19, pandemic, a, nd related econo, mic implicati, ons. Actual r, esults could differ si, gnificantly from
Examples of significant: estimates inc, lude the allow, ance for credit lo, sses, the re, coverability, of intangible assets,, property, plant
and equipment, and ot: her long-lived, assets, the, incremental borr, owing rate f, or the lease, liability, fair value, measurements,
ncluding those related: to financial i, nstruments, g, oodwill, spectrum, licenses an, d intangible, assets, unrecogniz, ed tax benefits,
valuation allowances o: n tax assets,, pension and, postretirement b, enefit obliga, tions, contin, gencies and the id, entification and
valuation of assets acqu: ired and liabi, lities assumed, in connection wit, h business, combinations, .
Revenue Recognitio: n
We earn revenue from: contracts with, customers, p, rimarily through t, he provision, of telecomm, unications and oth, er services and
hrough the sale of wir: eless equipm, ent. These se, rvices include a, variety of c, ommunication, and connectivity, services for our
Consumer and Busines: s customers i, ncluding other, carriers that use, our facilitie, s to provide, services to their cus, tomers, as well
as professional and inte: grated mana, ged services, for our large ent, erprises and, government, customers. We ac, count for these
revenues under Account: ing Standard, s Update (AS, U) 2014-09, "Rev, enue from C, ontracts with, Customers" (Topic, 606).
