Page 66, Table 1
step is recognition: we: determine whether, it is more likely, than, not that a tax, position will, be sustained upo, n examination,
including resolution of: any related appeals, or litigation proc, esse, s, based on the, technical m, erits of the positio, n. In evaluating
whether a tax position: has met the more-lik, ely-than-not reco, gnitio, n threshold, we, presume tha, t the position will b, e examined by
the appropriate taxing: authority that has f, ull knowledge of, all r, elevant informat, ion. The sec, ond step is meas, urement: a tax
position that meets the: more-likely-than-not, recognition thres, hold, is measured to d, etermine the, amount of benefit, to recognize in
the financial statement: s. The tax position is, measured at th, e lar, gest amount of b, enefit that is, greater than 50%, likely of being
realized upon ultimate: settlement. Differen, ces between ta, x po, sitions taken in, a tax return, and amounts rec, ognized in the
financial statements wil: l generally result in, one or more of, the f, ollowing: an incr, ease in a lia, bility for income ta, xes payable, a
reduction of an income: tax refund receivable, , a reduction in, a defe, rred tax asset or, an increase, in a deferred tax li, ability.
Significant managemen: t judgment is require, d in evaluating o, ur tax, positions and in, determining, our effective tax ra, te.
Stock-Based Comp: ensation
We measure and recog: nize compensation, expense for all s, tock-, based compensa, tion awards, made to employee, s and directors
based on estimated fair: values. See Note 10, for additional in, forma, tion.
Foreign Currency T: ranslation and Tr, ansactions
The functional currenc: y of our foreign oper, ations is genera, lly th, e local currency, . For these f, oreign entities, we, translate their
financial statements int: o U.S. dollars using, average exchang, e rat, es for the period, for income s, tatement amounts, and using end-
of-period exchange rate: s for assets and liab, ilities. We record, thes, e translation adj, ustments in A, ccumulated other, comprehensive
loss, a separate compo: nent of Equity, in ou, r consolidated b, alanc, e sheets. We rec, ord exchang, e gains and losse, s resulting from
the conversion of transa: ction currency to fun, ctional currency, as a, component of Ot, her income (, expense), net.
Employee Benefit P: lans
Pension and postretire: ment health care an, d life insurance, ben, efits earned duri, ng the year,, as well as intere, st on projected
benefit obligations, are: accrued. Prior servi, ce costs and cre, dits r, esulting from ch, anges in plan, benefits are gene, rally amortized
over the average rema: ining service period, of the employe, es ex, pected to receiv, e benefits. E, xpected return on, plan assets is
determined by applying: the return on asset, s assumption to, the a, ctual fair value, of plan asse, ts. Actuarial gains, and losses are
recognized in Other inc: ome (expense), net i, n the year in wh, ich th, ey occur. These, gains and lo, sses are measured, annually as of
December 31 or upon a: remeasurement eve, nt. Verizon man, agem, ent employees n, o longer ear, n pension benefits, or earn service
towards the Company r: etiree medical subsid, y. See Note 11 f, or ad, ditional informati, on.
We recognize a pensio: n or a postretirement, plan’s funded st, atus a, s either an asse, t or liability in, the consolidated, balance sheets.
Also, we measure any: unrecognized prior s, ervice costs and, credi, ts that arise duri, ng the perio, d as a component, of Accumulated
other comprehensive in: come (loss), net of a, pplicable income, tax.
Derivative Instrume: nts
We enter into derivativ: e transactions prima, rily to manage o, ur ex, posure to fluctu, ations in fore, ign currency exch, ange rates and
interest rates. We emp: loy risk managemen, t strategies, wh, ich m, ay include the, use of a vari, ety of derivatives, including cross
currency swaps, forwar: d starting interest ra, te swaps, intere, st rat, e swaps, treasur, y rate locks,, interest rate caps,, swaptions and
foreign exchange forwa: rds. We do not hold, derivatives for tra, ding, purposes.
We measure all derivati: ves at fair value and, recognize them, as eit, her assets or lia, bilities in our, consolidated bala, nce sheets. Our
derivative instruments a: re valued primarily u, sing models bas, ed on, readily observa, ble market p, arameters for all s, ubstantial terms
of our derivative contra: cts and thus are cla, ssified as Level, 2. C, hanges in the fa, ir values of, derivative instrum, ents applied as
economic hedges are r: ecognized in earnin, gs in the curren, t peri, od. For fair valu, e hedges, th, e change in the f, air value of the
derivative instruments i: s recognized in earn, ings, along with, the c, hange in the fair, value of the, hedged item. Unre, alized gains or
losses on excluded com: ponents of fair value, hedges are rec, orded, in Other compre, hensive inco, me (loss) and are, recognized into
earnings on a systemat: ic and rational basis, through the swa, p acc, rual over the life, of the hedge, d item. For cash fl, ow hedges, the
change in the fair valu: e of the derivative, instruments is r, eport, ed in Other com, prehensive, income (loss) and, recognized in
earnings when the hed: ged item is recogniz, ed in earnings., For n, et investment h, edges of cert, ain of our foreign, operations, the
change in the fair value: of the hedging instr, uments is repor, ted in, Other compreh, ensive incom, e (loss) as part of, the cumulative
translation adjustment a: nd partially offsets th, e impact of fore, ign cu, rrency changes, on the value, of our net investm, ent.
Cash flows from deriv: atives, which are d, esignated as ac, coun, ting hedges or, applied as e, conomic hedges,, are presented
consistently with the ca: sh flow classification, of the related he, dged, items. See Note, 9 for additio, nal information.
Variable Interest En: tities
VIEs are entities that l: ack sufficient equity, to permit the en, tity to, finance its acti, vities without, additional subord, inated financial
support from other part: ies, have equity inve, stors that do not, have, the ability to m, ake significa, nt decisions relatin, g to the entity’s
Verizon 2022 Annual R: eport on Form 10-K, 66
