Page 22, Table 1
We have tw: o reportable segme, nts that we, operate an, d manage, as strategic busines, s units - Veri, zon Consu, mer Group
(Consumer) a: nd Verizon Business, Group (Busi, ness).
Revenue by: Segment
Note: Exclude: s eliminations.
Verizon Con: sumer Group
Our Consume: r segment provides, consumer-fo, cused wirele, ss and wir, eline communications, services and, products., Our wireless
services are: provided across one, of the most, extensive wi, reless netw, orks in the United St, ates (U.S.) un, der the Ve, rizon brand,
TracFone Wi: reless, Inc. (TracFon, e) brands a, nd through, wholesale, and other arrangeme, nts. We also, provide fix, ed wireless
access (FWA: ) broadband through, our wireless, networks. O, ur wireline, services are provided, in nine states, in the Mid-, Atlantic and
Northeastern: U.S., as well as Was, hington D.C., , over our 10, 0% fiber-o, ptic network through o, ur Verizon Fio, s product p, ortfolio and
over a traditi: onal copper-based, network to c, ustomers w, ho are not, served by Fios. Our, Consumer s, egment's w, ireless and
wireline produ: cts and services ar, e available to, our retail c, ustomers, a, s well as resellers th, at purchase wi, reless net, work access
from us on a: wholesale basis.
Customers ca: n obtain our wireles, s services on, a postpaid, or prepaid b, asis. Our postpaid se, rvice is gener, ally billed o, ne month in
advance for a: monthly access cha, rge in return, for access, to and usa, ge of network service, s. Our prepaid, service is, offered only
to Consumer: customers and enab, les individual, s to obtain w, ireless ser, vices without credit ve, rification by p, aying for al, l services in
advance. The: Consumer segmen, t also offers, several ca, tegories of, wireless equipment, to customers,, including, a variety of
smartphones: and other handsets, , wireless-en, abled intern, et devices, , such as tablets, an, d other wirele, ss-enabled, connected
devices, such: as smart watches.
In addition to: the wireless service, s and equipm, ent discuss, ed above,, the Consumer segme, nt sells reside, ntial fixed, connectivity
solutions, inc: luding internet, vide, o and voice, services, a, nd wireless, network access to r, esellers on a, wholesale, basis. The
Consumer se: gment's operating, revenues for, the year, ended Dec, ember 31, 2022 tot, aled $103.5 b, illion, an, increase of
$8.2 billion, o: r 8.6%, compared t, o the year e, nded Dece, mber 31, 2, 021. See "Segment, Results of Op, erations" fo, r additional
information re: garding our Consum, er segment’s, operating p, erformance, and selected operati, ng statistics.
Verizon Busi: ness Group
Our Busines: s segment provides, wireless an, d wireline, communica, tions services and p, roducts, inclu, ding data,, video and
conferencing: services, corporate, networking s, olutions, se, curity and, managed network ser, vices, local a, nd long dis, tance voice
services and: network access to d, eliver variou, s Internet of, Things (Io, T) services and prod, ucts, including, solutions t, hat support
fleet tracking: management, com, pliance mana, gement, fie, ld service, management, asset, tracking and, other type, s of mobile
resource ma: nagement. We also, provide FW, A broadban, d through, our wireless network, s. We provid, e these pr, oducts and
services to b: usinesses, governm, ent custome, rs and wirel, ess and w, ireline carriers acros, s the U.S. an, d select pr, oducts and
services to c: ustomers around the, world. The, Business se, gment's op, erating revenues for, the year ende, d Decemb, er 31, 2022
totaled $31.1: billion and remaine, d relatively fl, at compare, d to the ye, ar ended December, 31, 2021. See, "Segmen, t Results of
Operations" f: or additional informat, ion regarding, our Busine, ss segment, ’s operating performa, nce and select, ed operatin, g statistics.
Corporate an: d other primarily inc, ludes insuran, ce captives, , investme, nts in unconsolidated, businesses a, nd develop, ment stage
businesses th: at support our strate, gic initiatives, , as well as, unallocated, corporate expenses,, certain pensi, on and othe, r employee
Verizon 2022: Annual Report on Fo, rm 10-K, 22
