Page 48, Table 1
the common stock w: as determined on the, basis of its, closing m, arket price on the, Acquisition, Date. The es, timated fair value of
the contingent consi: deration as of the Acq, uisition Date, was app, roximately $560, million calcul, ated using a, probability-weighted
discounted cash flow: model and significa, nt unobserv, able input, s, thus represent, ing a Level, 3 measurem, ent. The contingent
consideration payabl: e is based on the achi, evement of, certain re, venue and operat, ional targets, , measured o, ver a two-year earn
out period, as define: d in the TracFone Purc, hase Agree, ment. Dur, ing 2022, Verizon, made paym, ents of $188, million related to the
contingent considera: tion, which is reflected, in Cash flow, s from fin, ancing activities i, n our consol, idated statem, ent of cash flows for
the twelve months e: nded December 31,, 2022. Paym, ents rela, ted to the contin, gent consid, eration are e, xpected to continue
through 2024. As of: December 31, 2022,, the fair val, ue of the, contingent consi, deration wa, s $317 millio, n. During 2022, we
recorded gains of $: 57 million related to f, air value a, djustment, s for the conting, ent consider, ation within S, elling, general and
administrative expen: se in our consolidated, statement o, f income., See Note 3 and N, ote 9 to the, consolidated, financial statements
for additional informa: tion.
Bluegrass Cellula: r
In October 2020, we: entered into a definitiv, e agreemen, t to acqui, re certain assets, of Bluegrass, , a rural wirel, ess operator serving
central Kentucky. Th: e transaction closed in, March 202, 1. The agg, regate cash cons, ideration pa, id by Verizon, at the closing of the
transaction was app: roximately $412 millio, n, net of c, ash acqui, red. See Note 3, to the cons, olidated fina, ncial statements for
additional information: .
Verizon Media Div: estiture
On May 2, 2021, Ve: rizon entered into a, definitive ag, reement, with an affiliate o, f Apollo Glo, bal Managem, ent Inc. (the Apollo
Affiliate) pursuant to: which we agreed to, sell Verizo, n Media, in return for con, sideration of, $4.3 billion, in cash, subject to
customary adjustmen: ts, $750 million in non, -convertible, preferred, limited partnersh, ip units of th, e Apollo Affili, ate, and 10% of the
fully-diluted common: limited partnership uni, ts of the Apo, llo Affiliat, e.
On September 1, 20: 21, we completed the s, ale of Veriz, on Media., As of the close of, the transact, ion, cash pro, ceeds, the fair value
of the non-convertibl: e preferred limited pa, rtnership u, nits of the, Apollo Affiliate,, and the fair, value of 10%, of the fully-diluted
common limited par: tnership units of the, Apollo Affilia, te were, $4.3 billion, $496, million, an, d $124 millio, n, respectively. We
recorded a pre-tax g: ain on sale of approxim, ately $1.0 b, illion (afte, r-tax $1.0 billion), in Selling ge, neral and ad, ministrative expense
in our consolidated s: tatement of income for, the year en, ded Dece, mber 31, 2021. I, n addition, w, e incurred $3, 46 million of various
costs associated wi: th this disposition wh, ich are pri, marily rec, orded in Selling, general an, d administrat, ive expense in our
consolidated stateme: nt of income for the ye, ar ended D, ecember 3, 1, 2022.
From time to time, w: e enter into strategic, agreements, to acquire, various other bu, sinesses an, d investments, . See Note 3 to the
consolidated financia: l statements for additio, nal informat, ion.
In connection with a: non-strategic divestitu, re and other, activity,, we recorded a pre, -tax net gain, of an insigni, ficant amount in our
In December 2021,: we completed the sale, of an inves, tment. In, connection with t, his transacti, on, we record, ed a pre-tax gain of
$131 million in Equit: y in earnings (losses), of unconso, lidated bu, sinesses in our c, onsolidated, statement of, income for the year
ended December 31,: 2021.
Item 7A. Quantita: tive and Qualitativ, e Disclosu, res Abo, ut Market Risk
We are exposed to v: arious types of marke, t risk in the, normal co, urse of business,, including th, e impact of in, terest rate changes,
foreign currency exc: hange rate fluctuations, , changes i, n investm, ent, equity and co, mmodity pri, ces and chan, ges in corporate tax
rates. We employ ris: k management strate, gies, which, may inclu, de the use of a v, ariety of de, rivatives inclu, ding cross currency
swaps, forward start: ing interest rate swap, s, interest r, ate swaps, , interest rate ca, ps, treasury, rate locks an, d foreign exchange
forwards. We do not: hold derivatives for tra, ding purpos, es.
It is our general polic: y to enter into interest, rate, foreig, n currency, and other deriva, tive transact, ions only to t, he extent necessary
to achieve our desire: d objectives in optimizi, ng exposure, to variou, s market risks. O, ur objectives, include maint, aining a mix of fixed
and variable rate deb: t to lower borrowing c, osts within r, easonable, risk parameters, and to prote, ct against ear, nings and cash flow
volatility resulting fro: m changes in marke, t conditions, . We do, not hedge our m, arket risk e, xposure in a, manner that would
completely eliminate: the effect of changes i, n interest ra, tes and fo, reign exchange ra, tes on our e, arnings.
Counterparties to ou: r derivative contracts a, re major fin, ancial inst, itutions with who, m we have n, egotiated der, ivatives agreements
(ISDA master agree: ments) and credit supp, ort annex (, CSA) agr, eements which pr, ovide rules, for collateral, exchange. The CSA
agreements contain r: ating based threshold, s such that, we or our, counterparties m, ay be require, d to hold or p, ost collateral based
upon changes in outs: tanding positions as c, ompared to, establishe, d thresholds and, changes in c, redit ratings., We do not offset fair
value amounts recog: nized for derivative ins, truments an, d fair valu, e amounts recog, nized for the, right to recla, im cash collateral or
Verizon 2022 Annual: Report on Form 10-K, 48
