Page 5, Table 1
to Consumer custom: ers and enables i, ndividuals to o, btain wireles, s service, s without cred, it verificatio, n by paying for a, ll services in
advance. As of Dece: mber 31, 2022, w, e had 92 millio, n postpaid c, onnectio, ns, including F, WA, and 2, 3 million prepaid, connections,
representing approxi: mately 80% and 2, 0% of our Con, sumer wirel, ess retail, connections, r, espectively, .
Access to the intern: et is available on, all smartphon, es and near, ly all bas, ic phones. In, addition, o, ur customers ca, n access the
internet at broadban: d speeds on noteb, ook computer, s and tablet, s that are, either wireless, -enabled o, r that are used in, conjunction
with separate dedica: ted devices that p, rovide a mobil, e Wi-Fi conn, ection.
Historically, custome: rs on our fixed-te, rm service pla, ns paid hig, her acce, ss fees for th, eir wireless, service in exch, ange for the
ability to purchase: their wireless de, vices at subsi, dized price, s. We n, o longer offer, Consume, r customers new, fixed-term,
subsidized service pl: ans for devices; h, owever, we co, ntinue to off, er subsid, ized plans to o, ur Busines, s customers.
We also provide FW: A broadband thro, ugh our 5G or, 4G LTE wir, eless net, works to our C, onsumer a, nd Business cust, omers. FWA
enables fixed broadb: and access using, radio frequen, cies instead, of cables, and can be us, ed to conn, ect homes and b, usinesses to
the internet. As of De: cember 31, 2022,, we had appro, ximately 1.5, million F, WA broadband, connectio, ns.
Wireless Equipmen: t
Consumer and Busi: ness offer severa, l categories of, wireless eq, uipment, to customers,, including a, variety of smar, tphones and
other handsets, wire: less-enabled inte, rnet devices,, such as tab, lets, and, other wireles, s-enabled, connected devic, es, such as
smart watches. We: permit customers, to acquire equ, ipment from, us usin, g device paym, ent plans,, which permit the, customer to
pay for the device in: installments over, time.
Verizon Consume: r Group
In addition to the wir: eless services an, d equipment d, iscussed ab, ove, the, Consumer se, gment sells, residential fixed, connectivity
solutions, including i: nternet, video and, voice services, , and wirele, ss netwo, rk access to re, sellers on, a wholesale basi, s. Consumer
also provides non-co: nnectivity service, s including dev, ice protectio, n, cloud, storage, and ot, her produc, ts.
Residential Fixed Se: rvices. We provid, e residential f, ixed connec, tivity solu, tions to custo, mers over, our 100% fiber-o, ptic network
through our Verizon: Fios product portf, olio, and over a, traditional, copper-b, ased network t, o customer, s who are not se, rved by Fios.
In addition, our Lon: g-Term Evolution, (LTE) Home f, ixed wireles, s access, internet servi, ce is avail, able in parts of, all 50 states
We offer residential: fixed services tail, ored to the ne, eds of our, customer, s. Depending, on those n, eeds at a particu, lar time, our
services may include: features related, to, among oth, er things: int, ernet acc, ess at differen, t speed tie, rs using fiber-opt, ic, copper or
wireless technology;: video services t, hat may featu, re a variety, of chan, nel options, vi, deo on de, mand products,, cloud-based
services and digital v: ideo recording ca, pabilities; over, -the-top vide, o service, s; voice servic, es; and oth, er home solution, s.
Network Access Ser: vices. We sell ne, twork access t, o mobile vir, tual netw, ork operators, (MVNOs), on a wholesale b, asis, who in
turn resell wireless s: ervice under their, own brand(s) t, o consumer, s.
Verizon Business: Group
In addition to the w: ireless services a, nd equipment, discussed, above, o, ur Business s, egment pr, ovides wireless, and wireline
communications serv: ices and product, s, including dat, a, video and, confere, ncing services,, corporate, networking soluti, ons, security
and managed netwo: rk services, local, and long dista, nce voice s, ervices a, nd network ac, cess to del, iver various IoT, services and
Small and Medium: Business offers, wireless servic, es and equ, ipment,, conferencing, services, ta, ilored voice and, networking
products, Fios servi: ces, Internet Prot, ocol (IP) netw, orking, adv, anced vo, ice solutions, and securi, ty and managed, information
technology (IT) servi: ces to our U.S.-ba, sed small and, medium bu, sinesses, that do not me, et the requ, irements to be ca, tegorized as
Global Enterprise, a: s described bel, ow. In 2022,, Small and, Medium, Business reve, nues wer, e $12.6 billion,, representing
approximately 41% o: f Business’s total, revenues.
In addition to the wi: reless services a, nd equipment, discussed a, bove, S, mall and Mediu, m Busines, s provides fixed, connectivity
solutions comparabl: e to the residenti, al fixed servic, es provided, by Con, sumer, as well, as busine, ss services and, connectivity
similar to the product: s and services of, fered by Globa, l Enterprise,, in each, case with featu, res and pr, icing designed to, address the
needs of small and m: edium businesse, s.
Global Enterprise of: fers services to l, arge business, es, which a, re identif, ied based on, their size, and volume of b, usiness with
Verizon, as well as: non-U.S. public, sector custom, ers. In 202, 2, Globa, l Enterprise re, venues w, ere $9.7 billion,, representing
approximately 31% o: f Business’s total, revenues.
