Page 15, Table 1
experience redu: ced p, rofits.
Our industries are: rapidl, y changing a, s new technolog, ies are develope, d that offer cons, umers a, n array of cho, ices for their
communications ne: eds an, d allow new, entrants into the, markets we serve., In order to grow, and rema, in competitive, , we will need
to adapt to future c: hange, s in technolo, gy, enhance our e, xisting offerings a, nd introduce new, offering, s to address o, ur customers’
changing demand: s. If w, e are unable, to meet future, challenges from, competing techn, ologies, on a timely b, asis or at an
acceptable cost, w: e could, lose custom, ers to our compe, titors. We may no, t be able to accu, rately pr, edict technolog, ical trends or
the success of new: servic, es in the ma, rket. If our new se, rvices fail to gain, acceptance in th, e market, place, or if cos, ts associated
with the implement: ation a, nd introductio, n of these service, s materially increa, se, our ability to r, etain an, d attract custo, mers could be
In addition, the dep: loyme, nt of our 5G, network is subject, to a variety of ris, ks, including thos, e related, to equipment, and spectrum
availability, unexpe: cted co, sts, and regu, latory matters tha, t could cause dep, loyment delays or, network, performance, issues. These
issues could resul: t in si, gnificant cos, ts, put us at a, competitive disad, vantage, or redu, ce the, anticipated b, enefits of the
enhancements to o: ur netw, orks.
As we introduce: new of, ferings and, technologies, suc, h as 5G technol, ogy, we must ph, ase out, outdated an, d unprofitable
technologies and s: ervices, . If we are u, nable to do so on, a cost-effective b, asis, we could ex, perience, reduced profit, s. In addition,
there could be lega: l or reg, ulatory restra, ints on our ability, to phase out curre, nt services.
Adverse conditi: ons in, the U.S. a, nd internationa, l economies co, uld impact our, results, of operatio, ns and
financial conditi: on.
Unfavorable econo: mic co, nditions, su, ch as a recessio, n or economic slo, wdown in the U., S. or el, sewhere, or i, nflation in the
markets in which w: e oper, ate, could ne, gatively affect the, affordability of an, d demand for so, me of ou, r products and, services and
our cost of doing b: usines, s. In difficult, economic conditio, ns, consumers m, ay seek to reduc, e discret, ionary spendin, g by forgoing
purchases of our p: roduct, s, electing to, use fewer higher, margin services,, dropping down in, price p, lans or obtaini, ng lower-cost
products and servi: ces off, ered by other, companies. Simil, arly, under these, conditions, the bu, siness c, ustomers that, we serve may
delay purchasing d: ecision, s, delay full, implementation o, f service offerings, or reduce their u, se of se, rvices. In add, ition, adverse
economic condition: s may, lead to an, increased numbe, r of our consumer, and business c, ustomers, that are una, ble to pay for
services. Unfavora: ble ec, onomic cond, itions could also, amplify other risk, factors discusse, d in this, section, inclu, ding, but not
limited to, our com: petitive, position and, margins. In 2022, , as a result of the, inflationary envir, onment, in the U.S., w, e experienced
increases in our di: rect co, sts, including, electricity and ot, her energy-relate, d costs for our ne, twork op, erations, and, transportation
and labor costs, a: s well, as increase, d interest expen, ses related to ri, sing interest rate, s. We b, elieve that th, is inflationary
environment and t: he resu, lting decline, in real wages in, the U.S. are alteri, ng consumer pre, ferences, and causing, consumers to
become more pric: e cons, cious. Thes, e factors, along, with impacts of t, he intense comp, etition in, our industrie, s, resulted in
increased costs an: d lower, earnings pe, r share during 202, 2, and caused us, to lower our grow, th expec, tations and re, lated financial
guidance. We exp: ect th, e inflationary, environment and, these other pres, sures to continue, into 20, 23. Although, we are taking
various measures: to imp, rove efficienc, y and reduce co, sts, those measur, es may ultimatel, y be inef, fective or insu, fficient. If the
economic slowdow: n in th, e U.S., infla, tion and other un, favorable econom, ic conditions con, tinue or, worsen, they, could have a
material adverse ef: fect on, our results o, f operations and f, inancial condition.
Operational Ris: ks
Cyber attacks im: pacti, ng our net, works or syste, ms could have a, n adverse effe, ct on o, ur business.
Cyber attacks, inc: luding, through the, use of malware,, computer viruses, , distributed deni, al of se, rvices attacks,, ransomware
attacks, credential: harve, sting, social, engineering and, other means for, obtaining unauth, orized a, ccess to or, disrupting the
operation of our ne: tworks, and system, s and those of our, suppliers, vendor, s and other servi, ce provid, ers, could hav, e an adverse
effect on our busin: ess. Cy, ber attacks, may cause equipm, ent failures, loss, of information, inc, luding se, nsitive person, al information
of customers or e: mploye, es or valuab, le technical and, marketing informa, tion, as well as, disruptio, ns to our or o, ur customers’
operations. Cyber: attacks, against com, panies, including, Verizon, have incre, ased in frequenc, y, scope, and potential h, arm in recent
years. They may o: ccur al, one or in con, junction with phys, ical attacks, espe, cially where disru, ption of s, ervice is an o, bjective of the
attacker. The deve: lopmen, t and mainte, nance of systems, to prevent such, attacks is costly a, nd requi, res ongoing m, onitoring and
updating to addres: s their, increasing p, revalence and so, phistication. While, , to date, we hav, e not be, en subject to, cyber attacks
that, individually or: in the, aggregate, h, ave been material, to Verizon's oper, ations or financial, conditio, n, the preventi, ve actions we
take to reduce the: risks a, ssociated wit, h cyber attacks, i, ncluding protectio, n of our systems, and netw, orks, may be, insufficient to
repel or mitigate th: e effect, s of a major, cyber attack in the, future.
The inability to ope: rate o, r use our ne, tworks and syste, ms or those of ou, r suppliers, vendo, rs and o, ther service p, roviders as a
result of cyber atta: cks, e, ven for a limi, ted period of time, , may result in si, gnificant expense, s to Veri, zon and/or a l, oss of market
share to our comp: etitors., The costs as, sociated with a m, ajor cyber attack, on Verizon could, include e, xpensive ince, ntives offered
to existing custome: rs and, business pa, rtners to retain the, ir business, incre, ased expenditures, on cyb, ersecurity mea, sures and the
use of alternate res: ources, , lost revenu, es from business, interruption and li, tigation. Further, c, ertain of, Verizon’s bus, inesses, such
as those offering s: ecurity, solutions an, d infrastructure an, d cloud services t, o business custo, mers, co, uld be negativ, ely affected if
